Character	Pinyin	Tone	Meaning	Story
一	yī	1	one	A single proud line stands alone, singing "Yeeee!" - this is number one!
二	èr	4	two	Two parallel lines stack up, yelling "ERR!" when you count twice!
三	sān	1	three	Three horizontal lines rise like stairs, singing "Saaaan-shine" in harmony!
四	sì	4	four	Inside the box, your four items command "See this!" sharply!
五	wǔ	3	five	Five strokes converge at the crossing point, calling out "Woo"!
六	liù	4	six	A lid over eight yells "Leo!" for six sharp reasons!
七	qī	1	seven	Seven kids drew slashes across the night sky with bright sparklers, yelling "Chee!"!
八	bā	1	eight	Eight paths diverge like spreading wings, calling "Baaaa!" as they separate!
九	jiǔ	3	nine	Nine hooks around like a curving tail, bending as it says "Jiu"!
十	shí	2	ten	A cross at ten keeps asking "Shi? Why ten?" curiously!
口	kǒu	3	Mouth	Your mouth forms a perfect square, speaking "Ko" clearly spoken through parted lips!
日	rì	4	Day	The sun yells "REE!" sharply to wake you each day!
月	yuè	4	Month	The crescent moon marks time's passage, whispering "Yue!" as each month turns!
田	tián	2	Rice Field	In the rice field, farmers ask "Tian? Why so muddy?" curiously!
目	mù	4	Eye	Your eye angrily yells "MOO!" when dust gets in it!
古	gǔ	3	ancient	The stone takes the shape of ancient, calling out "Gu" - a vivid image to remember!
胡	hú	2	recklessly	A reckless fool with wild whiskers asks "Who? Hu?" questioning everything!
吾	wú	2	I (literary)	"I," says the mouth, questioning "Wu? Am I important?" with a sigh!
朋	péng	2	Companion	Two moons ask "Peng? Why are we companions?" questioning their friendship!
明	míng	2	bright	The sun and moon together question "Ming? Why so bright?" curiously!
唱	chàng	4	to sing	With your mouth, you command the sun to sing "Chang!" sharply!
晶	jīng	1	sparkling	Three suns sparkle cheerfully, singing "Jing!" high and happy!
品	pǐn	3	Goods	Three mouths bend down, drooping as they inspect goods saying "Pin"!
昌	chāng	1	prosperous	Two suns rise high, singing "Chang!" to celebrate prosperity!
早	zǎo	3	early	The morning sun still hangs low at dawn's early hour, yawning "Zao"!
旭	xù	4	Rising Sun	See how the sun forms rising sun? It shouts "Shu!" sharply as sunlight streams across the sky!
世	shì	4	Generation	Three tens stack up, yelling "Shi!" for each generation sharply!
胃	wèi	4	Stomach	Your stomach with a field inside yells "Way!" angrily when hungry!
旦	dàn	4	Daybreak	At daybreak, the sun commands "Dan!" sharply above the horizon!
凹	āo	1	concave	The strokes unite to show concave, singing "Aaooo!" cheerfully!
凸	tū	1	convex	The stick stands for convex, singing "Too!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
自	zì	4	oneself	A nose points to oneself, yelling "Zi!" sharply with pride!
白	bái	2	white	The white sun asks "Bai? Why so bright?" questioning curiously!
百	bǎi	3	hundred	The white sun shines over a single line - one hundred times, calling "Bai"!
皂	zào	4	Soap	The white stands for soap, shouting "Zao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
中	zhōng	1	Middle	An arrow pierces straight through the middle, striking "Zhong!" at the bull's-eye!
千	qiān	1	thousand	A thousand people sing "Chian!" cheerfully marching together!
舌	shé	2	Tongue	Your tongue in your mouth asks "She? Why taste this?" questioning!
升	shēng	1	Liter	A liter rises up cheerfully singing "Sheng!" to the top!
昇	shēng	1	to rise up	The sun rises high, happily singing "Sheng!" at dawn!
丸	wán	2	Pill	A round pill asks "Wan? Why swallow me?" questioning curiously!
卜	bǔ	3	Divination	See how the stick forms divination? It whispers "Bu" softly!
占	zhàn	4	to tell fortunes	Your mouth commands the divination sharply "Zhan! Tell my fortune!"
上	shàng	4	above	Above the line, an arrow yells "Shang!" pointing up sharply!
下	xià	4	below	Below the line, an arrow commands "Xia!" pointing down sharply!
卡	kǎ	3	Card	A card bends and dips between above and below saying "Ka"!
卓	zhuó	2	eminent	An eminent person stands above, questioning "Zhuo? Am I tall enough?" curiously!
朝	cháo	2	Dynasty	The dynasty sun and moon question "Chao? Why our reign?" curiously!
嘲	cháo	2	to ridicule	The mouth ridicules, questioning "Chao? You call that a dynasty?" mockingly!
只	zhǐ	3	only	Like a mouth, this character means only and whispers "Zhi" spoken through parted lips!
貝	bèi	4	Shellfish	With a shellfish combined with a shell, you get shellfish - "Bay!" rings out sharply!
貼	tiē	1	to paste	When the stick meets the shellfish, they form to paste, singing "Tieh!" cheerfully!
貞	zhēn	1	chaste	The shellfish stands for chaste, singing "Zhen!" cheerfully!
員	yuán	2	Employee	Your employee shellfish asks "Yuan? Where's my paycheck?" questioning!
見	jiàn	4	to see	Eyes on legs command "Jian! See this!" sharply!
元	yuán	2	Beginning	At the beginning, two legs question "Yuan? Why start here?" curiously!
頁	yè	4	Page	The page head yells "Yeh!" sharply when turned!
頑	wán	2	stubborn	A stubborn head questions "Wan? Why should I?" refusing to budge!
凡	fán	2	ordinary	An ordinary table sighs "Fan? Why so plain?" questioning its fate!
肌	jī	1	Muscle	Muscles sing "Jee!" cheerfully when flexing happily!
負	fù	4	defeated	The shell takes the shape of defeated, shouting "Fu!" sharply!
勻	yún	2	uniform	An striking symbol for uniform that asks "Yun? Why equal?" curiously!
句	jù	4	Sentence	The mouth takes the shape of sentence, shouting "Ju!" sharply!
旬	xún	2	Decameron	Ten days question "Shun? Already a decameron?" asking where time went!
勺	sháo	2	Ladle	The ladle asks "Shao? Why scoop this?" questioning curiously!
的	de	5	Bull's Eye	The white ladle hits the bull's eye, saying "duh" neutrally!
首	shǒu	3	Heads	Picture heads taking form - it whispers "Sho" with vivid energy!
直	zhí	2	straight	Like an eye, this character means straight and asks "Zhi? Why so direct?"!
置	zhì	4	to set up	Set up the net straight, commanding "Zhi!" sharply in place!
具	jù	4	Tool	The crowded tool table had eyes painted on everything - juice boxes included!
真	zhēn	1	true	Ten eyes sing "Zhen!" happily seeing the truth!
工	gōng	1	the Work	The construction workers sang "Gong!" as they lifted the beams.
左	zuǒ	3	Left	The hand stands for left, whispering "Zuo" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
右	yòu	4	Right	Picture a mouth beside a hand: that's right, shouting "Yo!" sharply!
有	yǒu	3	to possess	To possess the moon with your right hand, it bends drooping saying "Yo"!
賄	huì	4	bribe	A bribe of shellfish yells "Hway!" sharply with each corrupt hand!
貢	gòng	4	Tribute	Tribute of work and shellfish commands "Gong!" sharply to the emperor!
項	xiàng	4	Item	The item page of your head yells "Shyang!" sharply!
刀	dāo	1	Sword	See how the sword forms sword? It sings "Dao!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
刃	rèn	4	Blade	A dot on the blade yells "Ren!" sharply at the edge!
切	qiè	4	to cut	Cut with one sword, commanding "Chieh!" sharply!
召	zhào	4	to summon	Summon with your mouth and sword, yelling "Zhao!" sharply!
昭	zhāo	1	evident	See how the sun forms evident? It sings "Zhao!" cheerfully as sunlight streams across the sky!
則	zé	2	Rule	The rule with shellfish and sword questions "Zeh? Why obey?" curiously!
副	fù	4	vice-	The vice stands beside with a sword, commanding "Fu!" sharply!
丁	dīng	1	fourth	See how the nail forms fourth? It sings "Ding!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
叮	dīng	1	to sting	When the nail meets the mouth, they form to sting, singing "Ding!" cheerfully!
可	kě	3	can	You can use your mouth bent down drooping saying "Kuh"!
哥	gē	1	Older Brother	This character represents older brother, singing "Guh!" cheerfully!
頂	dǐng	3	crest	Picture crest taking form - it whispers "Ding" with vivid energy!
乙	yǐ	3	second	The hook stands for second, whispering "Yee" softly - a vivid image to remember!
子	zǐ	3	child	The strokes unite to show child, whispering "Zi" softly - a vivid image to remember!
孔	kǒng	3	cavity	This character represents cavity, whispering "Kong" softly - a vivid image to remember!
吼	hǒu	3	to roar	See how the mouth forms to roar? It whispers "Ho!" softly spoken through parted lips!
了	le	5	-ed	Completed action of child says "luh" neutrally when done!
女	nǚ	3	Woman	A striking symbol for woman that whispers "Nyu" softly - a vivid image to remember!
好	hǎo	3	good	A woman and child bend down drooping together, good and saying "Hao"!
如	rú	2	to be like	A woman's mouth asks "Ru? Are we alike?" questioning similarity!
母	mǔ	3	Mother	A striking symbol for mother that whispers "Mu" softly - a vivid image to remember!
貫	guàn	4	to pierce	Pierce through the shell sharply commanding "Guan!" with mother above!
兄	xiōng	1	Elder Brother	The strokes unite to show elder brother, singing "Shyong!" cheerfully!
克	kè	4	to overcome	Picture to overcome taking form - it shouts "Kuh!" with vivid energy!
小	xiǎo	3	small	The person stands for small, whispering "Shyao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
少	shǎo	3	few	Picture few taking form - it whispers "Shao" with vivid energy!
吵	chǎo	3	noisy	The mouth takes the shape of noisy, whispering "Chao" softly!
大	dà	4	large	Like a person, this character means large and shouts "Da!" - a vivid image to remember!
尖	jiān	1	tip	The tip where small meets large sings "Jian!" cheerfully and sharp!
夕	xī	1	Evening	Like a moon, this character means evening and sings "Shee!"!
多	duō	2	many	The strokes unite to show many, asking "Duo? Why so many nights?" curiously!
夠	gòu	4	enough	Picture enough taking form - it shouts "Go!" with vivid energy!
外	wài	4	outside	Outside the evening divination yells "Why!" sharply beyond!
名	míng	2	a Name	Like a mouth, this character means a name and asks "Ming? Who am I?"!
厚	hòu	4	thick	Picture thick taking form - it shouts "Ho!" with vivid energy!
石	shí	2	stone	A stone at the cliff asks "Shi? How hard?" questioning curiously!
砂	shā	1	Gravel	This character represents gravel, singing "Sha!" cheerfully!
妙	miào	4	wonderful	Picture wonderful taking form - it shouts "Miao!" with vivid energy!
肖	xiào	4	to resemble	A striking symbol for to resemble that shouts "Shyao!" sharply!
削	xiāo	1	to peel	She used a knife to peel the apple, removing small bits at a time.
光	guāng	1	ray	See how the fire forms ray? It sings "Gwang!" cheerfully with flickering flames dancing high!
太	tài	4	overly	See how the dot forms overly? It shouts "Tai!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
省	shěng	3	to economize	The eye stands for to economize, whispering "Sheng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
奇	qí	2	strange	A strange large person questions "Chi? Why so odd?" curiously!
川	chuān	1	Stream	A stream flows cheerfully singing "Chuan!" in three happy channels!
州	zhōu	1	a state	Picture a state taking form - it sings "Joe!" with vivid energy!
順	shùn	4	to obey	To obey, the stream flows by the page, commanding "Shun!" sharply!
水	shuǐ	3	Water	Like water, this character means water and whispers "Shway"!
永	yǒng	3	Eternity	Like water, this character means eternity and whispers "Yong"!
求	qiú	2	to request	Like water, this character means to request and asks "Chyo? May I have some?"!
泉	quán	2	a Spring	A spring of white water questions "Chuan? Where does it come from?" curiously!
原	yuán	2	flatlands	See how the white forms flatlands? It asks "Yuan? Why so flat?" curiously!
願	yuàn	4	a wish	An striking symbol for a wish that shouts "Yuan! Grant it!" sharply!
沖	chōng	1	to wash away	To wash away, water sings "Chong!" cheerfully rinsing middle!
泳	yǒng	3	to swim	See how the water forms to swim? It whispers "Yong" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
洲	zhōu	1	Continent	A continent with water and state sings "Joe!" cheerfully and large!
沼	zhǎo	3	Marsh	The water stands for marsh, whispering "Zhao" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
沙	shā	1	Sand	The water stands for sand, singing "Sha!" cheerfully like ripples spreading across a pond!
江	jiāng	1	Yangtze	The Yangtze water flows cheerfully singing "Jiang!" through the work!
汁	zhī	1	Juice	"Gee!" he said, extracting juice from ten oranges using water pressure.
潮	cháo	2	Tide	The tide of dynasty water questions "Chao? Why rise and fall?" curiously!
源	yuán	2	source	The source of water flatlands questions "Yuan? Where does it begin?" curiously!
活	huó	2	lively	The water and tongue unite to create lively, asking "Huo? Why so active?" curiously!
消	xiāo	1	to extinguish	The moon faded away as dawn extinguished the night.
況	kuàng	4	Situation	The situation of water mouth yells "Kwang!" sharply describing!
河	hé	2	river	When the river meets the mouth, they form river, asking "Huh? Why flow here?" curiously!
湖	hú	2	lake	A lake of water questions "Who? Hu?" curiously like reckless whiskers!
測	cè	4	to fathom	Like water, this character means to fathom and shouts "Tsuh!"!
土	tǔ	3	Soil	The soil takes the shape of soil, whispering "Too" softly - a vivid image to remember!
均	jūn	1	to equal	See how the soil forms to equal? It sings "June!" cheerfully!
肚	dù	5	belly	A belly of flesh and soil says "doo" neutrally round!
填	tián	2	to fill in	See how the soil forms to fill in? It asks "Tian? Why complete?" curiously!
吐	tǔ	3	to spit	With a mouth combined with soil, you get to spit - "Too" rings out softly!
哇	wā	1	Waaah!	"Waaah!" cries the mouth happily singing "Wa!" high and loud!
寸	cùn	4	Chinese Inch	A Chinese inch hand measures, commanding "Tsun!" sharply and small!
封	fēng	1	to seal	See how the earth forms to seal? It sings "Fung!" cheerfully!
寺	sì	4	Buddhist Temple	The earth stands for buddhist temple, shouting "Sih!" sharply!
時	shí	2	Time	The sun takes the shape of time, asking "Shi? What hour?" curiously!
火	huǒ	3	Fire	The fire stands for fire, whispering "Huo" softly with flickering flames dancing high!
灰	huī	1	ashes	Like fire, this character means ashes and sings "Hway!" with flickering flames dancing high!
煩	fán	2	vexed	"Ugh, fan the flames!" she sighed, vexed and troubled by all the pages.
炎	yán	2	Inflammation	Two fires caused inflammation - "Yan, why is it so hot?" he wondered.
淡	dàn	4	thin (watery/bland)	Thin water flames yell "Dan!" sharply weakened!
災	zāi	1	Disaster	The river and fire unite to create disaster, singing "Zai!" cheerfully!
照	zhào	4	to illuminate	Like fire, this character means to illuminate and shouts "Zhao!"!
魚	yú	2	a Fish	The fire stands for a fish, asking "Yu? Why swim?" curiously!
漁	yú	2	Fishing	"Yoo-hoo, where are the fish?" the fisherman called out across the water.
堯	yáo	2	Yáo	Emperor Yao on high earth questions "Yao? How lofty?" curiously!
燒	shāo	1	Fever	The fire takes the shape of fever, singing "Shao!" cheerfully!
曉	xiǎo	3	Dawn	See how the sun forms dawn? It whispers "Shyao" softly as sunlight streams across the sky!
里	lǐ	3	a Li	Picture a field beside soil: that's a li, whispering "Lee" softly!
量	liàng	4	quantity	Quantity of sun under li yells "Lyang!" sharply measuring!
埋	mái	2	to bury	The soil stands for to bury, asking "Mai? Why underground?" curiously!
黑	hēi	1	black	When the fire meets the soil, they form black, calling out "Hēi!"!
點	diǎn	3	Spot	The strokes unite to show spot, whispering "Dian" softly - a vivid image to remember!
墨	mò	4	Black Ink	The soil stands for black ink, shouting "Mwoh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
冒	mào	4	to risk	With an eye combined with a sun, you get to risk - "Mao!" rings out sharply!
同	tóng	2	same	"Are we the same?" they questioned, standing together inside.
洞	dòng	4	cave	The water stands for cave, shouting "Dong!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
向	xiàng	4	orientation	Orientation of mouth in house yells "Shyang!" sharply pointing!
尚	shàng	4	to esteem	See how the mouth forms to esteem? It shouts "Shang!" sharply!
字	zì	4	character	A character child in house yells "Zi!" sharply written!
守	shǒu	3	to guard	Picture to guard taking form - it whispers "Sho" with vivid energy!
完	wán	2	to finish	The strokes unite to show to finish, asking "Wan? Is it done?" curiously!
實	shí	2	reality	See how the roof forms reality? It asks "Shi? Is it real?" curiously!
宣	xuān	1	to proclaim	The herald proclaimed the announcement from inside the house.
宵	xiāo	1	Nighttime	At nighttime in the evening, the house was dark and quiet.
安	ān	1	peaceful	The strokes unite to show peaceful, singing "An!" cheerfully!
宴	yàn	4	Banquet	A banquet house with sun women yells "Yan!" sharply feasting!
寄	jì	4	to mail	Picture to mail taking form - it shouts "Ji!" with vivid energy!
富	fù	4	wealthy	See how the field forms wealthy? It shouts "Fu!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
貯	zhù	4	to store up	The shellfish stands for to store up, shouting "Zhu!" sharply!
木	mù	4	Tree	A tree stands tall, commanding "Moo!" sharply with branches!
林	lín	2	Woods	"Lin-da, why are there so many trees?" he asked in the woods.
森	sēn	1	Forest	The dense forest had three layers of trees stacked high.
植	zhí	2	to plant	"Where should we plant the straight trees?" she asked curiously.
杏	xìng	4	Apricot	An apricot tree mouth-watering and ripe, ready for picking!
呆	dāi	1	dim-witted	A dim-witted person with wood mouth sings "Dai!" stupidly happy!
枯	kū	1	withered	With a tree combined with a wood, you get withered - "Koo!" rings out cheerfully!
村	cūn	1	Village	The strokes unite to show village, singing "Tsun!" cheerfully!
相	xiāng	1	one another	The tree and eye unite to create one another, singing "Shyang!" cheerfully!
本	běn	3	notebook	The tree takes the shape of notebook, whispering "Ben" softly!
案	àn	4	legal case	A legal case at the tree table commands "An!" sharply in judgment!
未	wèi	4	not yet	The tree takes the shape of not yet, shouting "Way!" sharply!
末	mò	4	Last	The last branch at the end of the tree was bare.
沫	mò	4	Foam	Like water, this character means foam and shouts "Mwoh!" like ripples spreading across a pond!
味	wèi	4	Flavor	See how the mouth forms flavor? It shouts "Way!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
妹	mèi	4	younger sister	Picture younger sister taking form - it shouts "May!" with vivid energy!
查	chá	2	to investigate	See how the tree forms to investigate? It asks "Cha? What happened?" curiously!
渣	zhā	1	sediment	The water stands for sediment, singing "Zha!" cheerfully like ripples spreading across a pond!
染	rǎn	3	to dye	Like water, this character means to dye and whispers "Ran"!
李	lǐ	3	Plum	The tree takes the shape of plum, whispering "Lee" softly - a vivid image to remember!
桌	zhuō	1	Table	The tall table stood high and eminent in the dining room.
若	ruò	4	as if	The grass and hand unite to create as if, shouting "Ruo!" sharply!
草	cǎo	3	grass	See how the grass forms grass? It whispers "Tsao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
苦	kǔ	3	Suffering	The grass stand for suffering, whispering "Koo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
寬	kuān	1	wide	"Wow, what a spacious house!" she exclaimed at the wide grass courtyard.
葉	yè	4	Leaf	When the grass meets the tree, they form leaf, shouting "Yeh!" sharply!
莫	mò	4	nobody	"Nobody's here at sunset," he commanded, absent from the grass field.
模	mó	2	to imitate	See how the tree forms to imitate? It asks "Mwo? How to copy?" curiously!
漠	mò	4	Desert	A desert of water and nobody yells "Mwoh!" sharply empty!
墓	mù	4	a Grave	See how the soil forms a grave? It shouts "Moo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
苗	miáo	2	Seedling	A seedling grass field questions "Miao? Will it grow?" curiously!
瞄	miáo	2	to aim	With a target combined with an eye, you get to aim - "Miao? Is that the target?" rings out curiously!
兆	zhào	4	Portent	A striking symbol for portent that shouts "Zhao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
桃	táo	2	peach	Like a tree, this character means peach and asks "Tao? When ripe?"!
犬	quǎn	3	Pooch	This character represents pooch, whispering "Chuan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
尤	yóu	2	remarkable	The person stands for remarkable, asking "Yo? Really?" curiously!
默	mò	4	silence	The black dog stayed silent, quiet and still.
然	rán	2	sort of thing	The fire takes the shape of sort of thing, asking "Ran? Is it so?" curiously!
哭	kū	1	to cry	The mouth takes the shape of to cry, singing "Koo!" cheerfully!
器	qì	4	Utensil	A utensil of four dogs and one mouth yells "Chi!" sharply used!
臭	chòu	4	stinking	"Ugh, cho disgusting!" The stinking smell came from the dog's nose.
狗	gǒu	3	Dog	Picture dog taking form - it whispers "Go" with vivid energy!
厭	yàn	4	to detest	This character represents to detest, shouting "Yan!" sharply!
壓	yā	1	pressure	The cliff created pressure, squashing everything below like a dog pile.
牛	niú	2	Cow	The strokes unite to show cow, asking "Nyo? Moo?" curiously!
特	tè	4	special	This character represents special, shouting "Tuh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
告	gào	4	to declare	The mouth takes the shape of to declare, shouting "Gao!" sharply!
浩	hào	4	vast	The water takes the shape of vast, shouting "Hao!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
先	xiān	1	before	The strokes unite to show before, singing "Shian!" cheerfully!
洗	xǐ	3	to wash	Like water, this character means to wash and whispers "Shee"!
介	jiè	4	to introduce	See how the person forms to introduce? It shouts "Jieh!" sharply!
界	jiè	4	World	The world field introduced yells "Jieh!" sharply bounded!
茶	chá	2	Tea	"Cha want some tea?" she asked, made from grass for people.
會	huì	4	Meeting	The people stands for meeting, shouting "Hway!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
合	hé	2	to fit	When the mouth meets the person, they form to fit, asking "Huh? Does it match?" curiously!
哈	hā	1	Ha!	"Ha!" laughs the mouth happily singing "Ha!" high and loud!
塔	tǎ	3	Pagoda	Like soil, this character means pagoda and whispers "Ta" - a vivid image to remember!
王	wáng	2	King	A king with three levels questions "Wang? Why rule?" curiously!
玉	yù	4	Jade	The dot stands for jade, shouting "Yu!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
球	qiú	2	Balls	"Chyo, play ball?" he questioned, tossing jade-colored spheres.
現	xiàn	4	present	This character represents present, shouting "Shian!" sharply!
玩	wán	2	to play	Picture to play taking form - it asks "Wan? How fun?" with vivid energy!
狂	kuáng	2	crazy	This character represents crazy, asking "Kwang? Why mad?" curiously!
皇	huáng	2	Emperor	See how the white forms emperor? It asks "Hwang, why should I reign?" curiously!
煌	huáng	2	resplendent	See how the fire forms resplendent? It asks "Hwang? Why shine?" curiously!
呈	chéng	2	to submit	"Is it ready to submit?" the king questioned from his mouth-throne.
全	quán	2	whole	"Is it complete?" The whole jade roof was finally done.
理	lǐ	3	Logic	Picture logic taking form - it whispers "Lee" with vivid energy!
主	zhǔ	3	Lord	Like a dot, this character means lord and whispers "Zhu" - a vivid image to remember!
注	zhù	4	to pour	"Joo, watch!" he commanded, pouring water for the lord.
金	jīn	1	the Gold	See how the gold forms the gold? It sings "Jeen!" cheerfully!
銅	tóng	2	Copper	The gold takes the shape of copper, asking "Tong? Bronze?" curiously!
釣	diào	4	to go fishin'	Picture gold beside a hook: that's to go fishin', shouting "Diao!" sharply!
針	zhēn	1	Needle	The gold takes the shape of needle, singing "Zhen!" cheerfully!
釘	dīng	1	Nail	The gold and nail unite to create nail, singing "Ding!" cheerfully!
銘	míng	2	Inscription	The gold inscription read "Ming?" - questioning what it said.
鎮	zhèn	4	at ease	"Jen, calm down!" The real gold helped him feel at ease.
道	dào	4	Way	See how the foot forms way? It shouts "Dao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
導	dǎo	3	to guide	Picture to guide taking form - it whispers "Dao" with vivid energy!
迅	xùn	4	speedy	Picture speedy taking form - it shouts "Shun!" with vivid energy!
造	zào	4	to create	The strokes unite to show to create, shouting "Zao!" sharply!
巡	xún	2	to patrol	"Shun, all clear?" the patrol questioned, walking around the perimeter.
逛	guàng	4	to stroll	She wandered the wide streets, strolling and shopping.
車	chē	1	Car	The strokes unite to show car, singing "Chuh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
連	lián	2	one after another	"Lian, where next?" One car after another questioned their route.
蓮	lián	2	Lotus	A lotus grass connected questions "Lian? Why float?" curiously!
前	qián	2	in front	"Are we ahead?" the boat questioned, walking in front.
剪	jiǎn	3	Shears	This character represents shears, whispering "Jian" softly - a vivid image to remember!
輸	shū	1	to transport	The strokes unite to show to transport, singing "Shoo!" cheerfully!
逾	yú	2	to exceed	"Yoo, too far?" they questioned, walking beyond the limit to exceed it.
各	gè	4	each	Like a mouth, this character means each and shouts "Guh!" spoken through parted lips!
格	gé	2	Pattern	Like a tree, this character means pattern and asks "Guh? What style?"!
客	kè	4	Guest	This character represents guest, shouting "Kuh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
額	é	2	Forehead	"Uh, why such a big forehead?" The guest's page-sized head was surprising!
夏	xià	4	Summer	This character represents summer, shouting "Shya!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
洛	luò	4	L.A.	Like water, this character means l.a. and shouts "Luo!" like ripples spreading across a pond!
落	luò	4	to fall	Picture grass beside water: that's to fall, shouting "Luo!" sharply!
冗	rǒng	3	superfluous	See how the roof forms superfluous? It whispers "Rong" softly!
沉	chén	2	profound	The water takes the shape of profound, asking "Chen? How deep?" curiously!
軍	jūn	1	Army	This character represents army, singing "June!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
輝	huī	1	Radiance	The strokes unite to show radiance, singing "Hway!" cheerfully!
運	yùn	4	to carry	The army walked and moved supplies, carrying everything.
冠	guān	1	Crown	Like a roof, this character means crown and sings "Gwan!" - a vivid image to remember!
夢	mèng	4	a Dream	Like grass, this character means a dream and shouts "Mung!"!
坑	kēng	1	Pit	The soil takes the shape of pit, singing "Kung!" cheerfully!
高	gāo	1	tall	"Gao!" The tall building reached high into the sky.
享	xiǎng	3	to enjoy	A striking symbol for to enjoy that whispers "Shyang" softly!
熟	shú	2	ripe	Like fire, this character means ripe and asks "Shoo? Is it done?"!
亭	tíng	2	Pavilion	A pavilion tall nail questions "Ting? Rest here?" curiously!
亮	liàng	4	shining	A striking symbol for shining that shouts "Lyang!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
京	jīng	1	Capital	The mouth takes the shape of capital, singing "Jing!" cheerfully!
涼	liáng	2	cool	Like water, this character means cool and asks "Lyang? Refreshing?"!
景	jǐng	3	Scenery	The sun stands for scenery, whispering "Jing" softly as sunlight streams across the sky!
就	jiù	4	at once	"Jyo, do it now!" he commanded, immediately at once with the capital dog.
周	zhōu	1	Circumference	The mouth stands for circumference, singing "Joe!" cheerfully!
週	zhōu	1	Week	The strokes unite to show week, singing "Joe!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
士	shì	4	Soldier	The strokes unite to show soldier, shouting "Shi!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
吉	jí	2	lucky	The mouth stands for lucky, asking "Ji? Good fortune?" curiously!
買	mǎi	3	to buy	A striking symbol for to buy that whispers "Mai" softly - a vivid image to remember!
賣	mài	4	to sell	"Buy low, sell high!" She traded shellfish at market.
書	shū	1	Book	A book hand speaks cheerfully singing "Shoo!" high!
畫	huà	4	a Drawing	Picture a field beside lines: that's a drawing, shouting "Hwa!" sharply!
劃	huá	2	to scratch	"Where should I cut?" she questioned, using power to scratch the drawing.
攻	gōng	1	to attack	The workers went on strike, attacking the company with their demands.
敗	bài	4	to fail	Like a shellfish, this character means to fail and shouts "Bai!"!
故	gù	4	deliberately	Picture deliberately taking form - it shouts "Goo!" with vivid energy!
救	jiù	4	to rescue	Picture to rescue taking form - it shouts "Jyo!" with vivid energy!
敬	jìng	4	to revere	"Jing!" he commanded sharply, showing alarm and respect to revere elders.
敞	chǎng	3	spacious	The strokes unite to show spacious, whispering "Chang" softly!
言	yán	2	to say	This character represents to say, asking "Yan? What speak?" curiously!
警	jǐng	3	Police	Picture police taking form - it whispers "Jing" with vivid energy!
計	jì	4	a Plan	Picture a plan taking form - it shouts "Ji!" with vivid energy!
獄	yù	4	Prison	This character represents prison, shouting "Yu!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
討	tǎo	3	to condemn	Picture to condemn taking form - it whispers "Tao" with vivid energy!
訓	xùn	4	Instruction	"Shun, listen!" The teacher gave instructions, commanding words like a river.
話	huà	4	the talk	"Hwa!" Her tongue spoke sharply, talking and telling stories.
詩	shī	1	Poem	Picture poem taking form - it sings "Shi!" with vivid energy!
語	yǔ	3	Language	Picture language taking form - it whispers "Yu" with vivid energy!
讀	dú	2	to read	"Doo you understand what it says?" she questioned, reading the words to sell the idea.
調	diào	4	Tune	This character represents tune, shouting "Diao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
談	tán	2	to discuss	"Tan, what should we talk about?" The words flamed up in discussion.
這	zhè	4	this	The strokes unite to show this, shouting "Zhuh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
式	shì	4	Style	Like an arrow, this character means style and shouts "Shi!"!
試	shì	4	Test	A test words style yells "Shi!" sharply examining!
戈	gē	1	Halberd	The strokes unite to show halberd, singing "Guh!" cheerfully!
或	huò	4	or	"Huo should I choose - or this one?" One mouth questioned the halberd choices.
賊	zéi	2	Burglar	A burglar shellfish ten halberds questions "Zay? Stealing what?" curiously!
載	zài	4	laden	A striking symbol for laden that shouts "Zai!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
鐵	tiě	3	Iron	The gold stands for iron, whispering "Tieh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
茂	mào	4	lush	See how the grass forms lush? It shouts "Mao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
成	chéng	2	to turn into	"Cheng, what will it become?" The halberds questioned their transformation.
城	chéng	2	City	A city earth turn into questions "Cheng? How big?" curiously!
誠	chéng	2	sincere	"Cheng, is it really true?" The sincere words questioned honestly.
威	wēi	1	Might	This character represents might, singing "Way!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
滅	miè	4	to destroy	Fire and halberds destroyed everything, extinguishing all hope.
咸	xián	2	everybody	Like a mouth, this character means everybody and asks "Shian? All here?"!
減	jiǎn	3	to reduce	See how the water forms to reduce? It whispers "Jian" softly!
單	dān	1	a List	The strokes unite to show a list, singing "Dan!" cheerfully!
戰	zhàn	4	War	Picture war taking form - it shouts "Zhan!" with vivid energy!
錢	qián	2	Coin	The gold stands for coin, asking "Chian? How much?" curiously!
淺	qiǎn	3	shallow	The water takes the shape of shallow, whispering "Chian" softly!
賤	jiàn	4	cheap	The shellfish stands for cheap, shouting "Jian!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
止	zhǐ	3	to stop	The foot stands for to stop, whispering "Zhi" softly - a vivid image to remember!
步	bù	4	Footstep	This character represents footstep, shouting "Boo!" sharply!
涉	shè	4	to ford	"Shuh, watch your step!" She commanded, crossing through the water to ford it.
頻	pín	2	repeatedly	Picture repeatedly taking form - it asks "Pin? Again?" with vivid energy!
肯	kěn	3	to agree	This character represents to agree, whispering "Ken" softly!
企	qǐ	3	to look forward to	The person takes the shape of to look forward to, whispering "Chi" softly!
歲	suì	4	Years of Age	This character represents years of age, shouting "Sway!" sharply!
武	wǔ	3	military	The strokes unite to show military, whispering "Woo" softly!
賦	fù	4	Levy	The shellfish takes the shape of levy, shouting "Foo!" sharply!
正	zhèng	4	correct	A striking symbol for correct that shouts "Zheng!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
政	zhèng	4	Politics	This character represents politics, shouting "Zheng!" sharply!
定	dìng	4	to settle on	This character represents to settle on, shouting "Ding!" sharply!
走	zǒu	3	to walk	The earth takes the shape of to walk, whispering "Zo" softly!
超	chāo	1	to transcend	"Chao!" he sang cheerfully, transcending limits as he walked to summon others beyond.
越	yuè	4	to surpass	"Yueh!" The halberd-carrier walked beyond, surpassing all expectations.
是	shì	4	to be	The sun stands for to be, shouting "Shi!" sharply as sunlight streams across the sky!
題	tí	2	Topic	This character represents topic, asking "Ti? What about?" curiously!
建	jiàn	4	to build	"Jian, let's build it!" They constructed the brush walk together.
延	yán	2	to prolong	"Yan, how long should we extend?" they questioned, walking to prolong the path.
誕	dàn	4	Nativity	A striking symbol for nativity that shouts "Dan!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
楚	chǔ	3	clear	The tree takes the shape of clear, whispering "Choo" softly!
礎	chǔ	3	Foundation	Like a stone, this character means foundation and whispers "Choo"!
衣	yī	1	Clothing	This character represents clothing, singing "Yee!" cheerfully!
裡	lǐ	3	inside	The strokes unite to show inside, whispering "Lee" softly - a vivid image to remember!
哀	āi	1	Grief	When the mouth meets the eye, they form grief, singing "Eye!" cheerfully!
袁	yuán	2	Yuan	A striking symbol for yuan that asks "Yuan? Who's that?" curiously!
遠	yuǎn	3	distant	A striking symbol for distant that whispers "Yuan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
壞	huài	4	bad	Like earth, this character means bad and shouts "Hwai!" - a vivid image to remember!
初	chū	1	elementary	The knife stands for elementary, singing "Choo!" cheerfully!
巾	jīn	1	Towel	A towel hangs cheerfully singing "Jeen!" high!
布	bù	4	Cloth	Picture cloth taking form - it shouts "Boo!" with vivid energy!
帽	mào	4	Hat	The eye stands for hat, shouting "Mao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
幕	mù	4	Curtain	A curtain towel nobody yells "Moo!" sharply hanging!
棉	mián	2	Cotton	The tree stands for cotton, asking "Mian? Is it soft?" curiously!
幫	bāng	1	to help	"Bang!" The towel and city sang cheerfully, helping to assist.
市	shì	4	Market	This character represents market, shouting "Shi!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
肺	fèi	4	Lungs	A striking symbol for lungs that shouts "Fay!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
帶	dài	4	Sash	Picture sash taking form - it shouts "Dai!" with vivid energy!
滯	zhì	4	stagnant	The water takes the shape of stagnant, shouting "Zhi!" sharply!
刺	cì	4	Thorn	The tree takes the shape of thorn, shouting "Tsih!" sharply!
制	zhì	4	System	The knife takes the shape of system, shouting "Zhi!" sharply!
製	zhì	4	to manufacture	Picture to manufacture taking form - it shouts "Zhi!" with vivid energy!
云	yún	2	to utter	"Yun, what did you say?" Two clouds questioned the utterance.
雨	yǔ	3	the Rain	See how the rain forms the rain? It whispers "Yu" softly - a vivid image to remember!
雲	yún	2	Cloud	A cloud rain uttering questions "Yun? Why float?" curiously!
雷	léi	2	Thunder	With a field combined with rain, you get thunder - "Lay? Why boom?" rings out curiously!
電	diàn	4	Electricity	The rain takes the shape of electricity, shouting "Dian!" sharply!
霜	shuāng	1	Frost	The tree and rain unite to create frost, singing "Shwang!" cheerfully!
冰	bīng	1	Ice	Like water, this character means ice and sings "Bing!" like ripples spreading across a pond!
冬	dōng	1	Winter	The strokes unite to show winter, singing "Dong!" cheerfully!
天	tiān	1	Heavens	"Tian!" Heaven stretched high above, where the big person sang happily.
夭	yāo	1	to die young	Picture to die young taking form - it sings "Yao!" with vivid energy!
喬	qiáo	2	to pretend	"Chiao, is it really that high?" he questioned, pretending to reach tall heaven.
橋	qiáo	2	Bridge	A bridge tree pretend questions "Chiao? Can it cross?" curiously!
嬌	jiāo	1	attractive	The attractive woman sang "Jiao!" charmingly while pretending to be coy.
立	lì	4	standing up	This character represents standing up, shouting "Lee!" sharply!
泣	qì	4	to weep	See how the water forms to weep? It shouts "Chi!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
站	zhàn	4	Station	A striking symbol for station that shouts "Zhan!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
章	zhāng	1	Chapter	This character represents chapter, singing "Zhang!" cheerfully!
競	jìng	4	to compete	"Jing!" The brothers commanded sharply, standing together to compete and race.
帝	dì	4	Sovereign	This character represents sovereign, shouting "Dee!" sharply!
童	tóng	2	Juvenile	A juvenile standing heavy questions "Tong? Still young?" curiously!
鐘	zhōng	1	Bell	The gold takes the shape of bell, singing "Zhong!" cheerfully!
商	shāng	1	Salesman	Like a mouth, this character means salesman and sings "Shang!"!
適	shì	4	suitable	The strokes unite to show suitable, shouting "Shi!" sharply!
敵	dí	2	Enemy	"Di, want to fight?" The enemy salesman questioned after being struck.
匕	bǐ	3	Ancient Spoon	Picture ancient spoon taking form - it whispers "Bee" with vivid energy!
北	běi	3	North	The strokes unite to show north, whispering "Bay" softly - a vivid image to remember!
背	bèi	4	Back	Picture back taking form - it shouts "Bay!" with vivid energy!
比	bǐ	3	to compare	Picture to compare taking form - it whispers "Bee" with vivid energy!
昆	kūn	1	Descendants	Like a sun, this character means descendants and sings "Koon!"!
混	hùn	4	to mix	The water stands for to mix, shouting "Hoon!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
皆	jiē	1	all	The white stands for all, singing "Jieh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
此	cǐ	3	this	A striking symbol for this that whispers "Tsih" softly - a vivid image to remember!
些	xiē	1	somewhat	Picture somewhat taking form - it sings "Shieh!" with vivid energy!
它	tuō	1	it	The roof takes the shape of it, singing "Twoh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
旨	zhǐ	3	Purpose	Like a sun, this character means purpose and whispers "Zhi"!
脂	zhī	1	Grease	Picture grease taking form - it sings "Zhi!" with vivid energy!
每	měi	3	every	This character represents every, whispering "May" softly - a vivid image to remember!
梅	méi	2	Small Plum	"May they be ripe yet?" he questioned the small plum trees every day.
海	hǎi	3	Sea	The water stands for sea, whispering "Hai" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
乞	qǐ	3	to beg	Like a person, this character means to beg and whispers "Chi"!
吃	chī	1	to eat	"Chi, I'm hungry!" His mouth begged to eat and consume food.
乾	gān	1	dry	Picture dry taking form - it sings "Gan!" with vivid energy!
複	fù	4	to duplicate	"Foo!" he commanded, duplicating the dry clothes by repeating the pattern.
腹	fù	4	Abdomen	This character represents abdomen, shouting "Foo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
欠	qiàn	4	to lack	The person takes the shape of to lack, shouting "Chian!" sharply!
吹	chuī	1	to blow	"Chway!" she sang, blowing puffs of air from her mouth for lack of a fan.
歌	gē	1	Song	The mouth stands for song, singing "Guh!" cheerfully spoken through parted lips!
軟	ruǎn	3	soft	A striking symbol for soft that whispers "Ruan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
次	cì	4	next	The strokes unite to show next, shouting "Tsih!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
資	zī	1	Assets	Like a shellfish, this character means assets and sings "Zi!"!
姿	zī	1	Looks	The strokes unite to show looks, singing "Zi!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
諮	zī	1	to consult with	"Zee, can I ask?" The words consulted with the next person.
賠	péi	2	to compensate	"Pay me back!" he questioned, compensating with shellfish after standing trial.
培	péi	2	to cultivate	"Pay attention to how it grows!" she questioned, cultivating soil as she stood.
音	yīn	1	Sound	The sun takes the shape of sound, singing "Yin!" cheerfully!
暗	àn	4	dark	The sun takes the shape of dark, shouting "An!" sharply as sunlight streams across the sky!
韻	yùn	4	Rhyme	Picture rhyme taking form - it shouts "Yun!" with vivid energy!
識	shì	4	Knowledge	This character represents knowledge, shouting "Shi!" sharply!
幟	zhì	4	Streamer	This character represents streamer, shouting "Zhi!" sharply!
竟	jìng	4	unexpectedly	The strokes unite to show unexpectedly, shouting "Jing!" sharply!
鏡	jìng	4	Mirror	Like gold, this character means mirror and shouts "Jing!" - a vivid image to remember!
境	jìng	4	Boundary	A boundary earth unexpectedly yells "Jing!" sharply bordering!
亡	wáng	2	deceased	See how the person forms deceased? It asks "Wang? Where died?" curiously!
盲	máng	2	blind	The eye takes the shape of blind, asking "Mang? Can't see?" curiously!
妄	wàng	4	absurd	This character represents absurd, shouting "Wang!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
望	wàng	4	to expect	The moon takes the shape of to expect, shouting "Wang!" sharply!
方	fāng	1	Direction	This character represents direction, singing "Fang!" cheerfully!
妨	fáng	2	to hinder	"Fang, are you blocking?" The woman questioned which direction, hindering progress.
放	fàng	4	to release	"Fang!" Strike to release! He freed the direction sharply.
激	jī	1	to excite	The white and water unite to create to excite, singing "Ji!" cheerfully!
於	yú	2	[all-purpose preposition]	"Yoo, where is it located?" they questioned the place and direction.
旁	páng	2	Side	Picture side taking form - it asks "Pang? Which side?" with vivid energy!
兌	duì	4	to convert	"Dway!" The person's mouth commanded sharply, converting and exchanging currency.
脫	tuō	1	to undress	"Twoh!" she sang cheerfully, removing her flesh-colored clothes to undress.
說	shuō	1	to speak	"Shwoh!" The words talked and spoke cheerfully, converting ideas.
曾	céng	2	formerly	Picture formerly taking form - it asks "Tseng? Long ago?" with vivid energy!
增	zēng	1	to increase	"Zeng!" The earth grew cheerfully, increasing from what it was formerly.
贈	zèng	4	to make a present of	The shellfish stands for to make a present of, shouting "Zeng!" sharply!
東	dōng	1	East	The tree stands for east, singing "Dong!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
棟	dòng	4	Building	The tree stands for building, shouting "Dong!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
凍	dòng	4	to freeze	Picture to freeze taking form - it shouts "Dong!" with vivid energy!
也	yě	3	also	An striking symbol for also that whispers "Yeh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
她	tā	1	she	The strokes unite to show she, singing "Ta!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
地	dì	4	Ground	The earth stands for ground, shouting "Dee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
池	chí	2	Pond	Like water, this character means pond and asks "Chi? Deep?"!
蟲	chóng	2	Insects	An striking symbol for insects that asks "Chong? Where going?" curiously!
蛇	shé	2	Serpent	A serpent insect also questions "Shuh? Slithering?" curiously!
蛋	dàn	4	Egg	"Dan!" the egg commanded as it finished hatching, an insect emerging.
風	fēng	1	the Wind	This character represents the wind, singing "Fung!" cheerfully!
諷	fěng	3	to mock	Picture to mock taking form - it whispers "Fung" with vivid energy!
己	jǐ	3	self	A striking symbol for self that whispers "Ji" softly - a vivid image to remember!
改	gǎi	3	to alter	Picture to alter taking form - it whispers "Gai" with vivid energy!
記	jì	4	to remember	Picture to remember taking form - it shouts "Ji!" with vivid energy!
已	yǐ	3	already	An striking symbol for already that whispers "Yi" softly - a vivid image to remember!
包	bāo	1	to wrap	"Bao!" he sang cheerfully, kneeling down to wrap and enclose the package himself.
泡	pào	4	Bubbles	Like water, this character means bubbles and shouts "Pao!"!
起	qǐ	3	to begin	Picture to begin taking form - it whispers "Chi" with vivid energy!
家	jiā	1	House	Like a roof, this character means house and sings "Jia!" - a vivid image to remember!
場	chǎng	3	Site	See how the earth forms site? It whispers "Chang" softly - a vivid image to remember!
湯	tāng	1	Soup	Like water, this character means soup and sings "Tang!" like ripples spreading across a pond!
羊	yáng	2	Sheep	A striking symbol for sheep that asks "Yang? Baaa?" curiously!
美	měi	3	beautiful	The strokes unite to show beautiful, whispering "May" softly!
洋	yáng	2	Ocean	The water stands for ocean, asking "Yang? How vast?" curiously!
鮮	xiān	1	fresh	A striking symbol for fresh that sings "Shian!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
達	dá	2	to reach	"Da, are we there yet?" The sheep questioned on the walk to reach their destination.
樣	yàng	4	Appearance	The tree stands for appearance, shouting "Yang!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
差	chà	4	to fall short of	To fall short sheep work yells "Cha!" sharply lacking!
集	jí	2	to gather	"Jee, are all the birds here?" The tree questioned as they gathered together.
進	jìn	4	to advance	"Jin, move forward!" The birds commanded sharply, walking to advance.
準	zhǔn	3	Standard	The water stands for standard, whispering "Zhun" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
誰	shui2	2	who?	This character represents who?, asking "Shway? Who is it?" curiously!
售	shòu	4	to vend	"Show what you're selling!" The bird's mouth commanded, vending goods.
雖	suī	1	although	This character represents although, singing "Sway!" cheerfully!
確	què	4	reliable	See how the stone forms reliable? It shouts "Chueh!" sharply!
午	wǔ	3	Noon	This character represents noon, whispering "Woo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
許	xǔ	3	to permit	A striking symbol for to permit that whispers "Shu" softly - a vivid image to remember!
羽	yǔ	3	Feathers	Picture feathers taking form - it whispers "Yu" with vivid energy!
習	xí	2	to learn	"Shi, how do we practice?" White feathers questioned as students learned.
翔	xiáng	2	to soar	"Shyang, are we flying?" The sheep with feathers soared through the sky.
困	kùn	4	trapped	"Koon!" The tree was trapped in a box, stuck and confined.
固	gù	4	solid	The strokes unite to show solid, shouting "Goo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
國	guó	2	Country	A country enclosure solid questions "Gwoh? Which nation?" curiously!
圓	yuán	2	round	A striking symbol for round that asks "Yuan? Is it circular?" curiously!
因	yīn	1	a Cause	An striking symbol for a cause that sings "Yin!" cheerfully!
園	yuán	2	Park	A park enclosure soil questions "Yuan? Nice garden?" curiously!
回	huí	2	to return	A striking symbol for to return that asks "Hway? Back?" curiously!
迴	huí	2	to revolve	"Hway, why are we spinning?" they questioned, walking in circles to revolve.
圖	tú	2	Picture	A picture enclosure winter questions "Too? What image?" curiously!
店	diàn	4	a Store	An striking symbol for a store that shouts "Dian!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
庫	kù	4	Warehouse	A warehouse building vehicle yells "Koo!" sharply storing!
褲	kù	4	Trousers	This character represents trousers, shouting "Koo!" sharply!
廠	chǎng	3	Factory	Picture factory taking form - it whispers "Chang" with vivid energy!
床	chuáng	2	Bed	The tree stands for bed, asking "Chwang? Sleep here?" curiously!
麻	má	2	Hemp	"Ma, why so rough?" The hemp plant under the roof was coarse and fibrous.
心	xīn	1	Heart	A heart beats cheerfully singing "Shin!" high!
忘	wàng	4	to forget	"Wang!" The deceased heart forgot everything sharply.
忍	rěn	3	to endure	With a heart combined with a blade, you get to endure - "Ren" rings out softly!
認	rèn	4	to recognize	Picture to recognize taking form - it shouts "Ren!" with vivid energy!
志	zhì	4	Aspiration	See how the heart forms aspiration? It shouts "Zhi!" sharply!
誌	zhì	4	Annals	The strokes unite to show annals, shouting "Zhi!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
思	sī	1	to consider	"Si!" The heart considered the field, thinking cheerfully about planting.
意	yì	4	Idea	"Yi!" The sound reached the heart, commanding an idea sharply.
想	xiǎng	3	to think	See how the tree forms to think? It whispers "Shyang" softly!
息	xí	2	Breath	See how the heart forms breath? It asks "Shi? Breathing?" curiously!
恐	kǒng	3	to fear	See how the heart forms to fear? It whispers "Kong" softly - a vivid image to remember!
感	gǎn	3	to feel	The heart stands for to feel, whispering "Gan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
憾	hàn	4	a Regret	Like a heart, this character means a regret and shouts "Han!"!
憂	yōu	1	worried	See how the heart forms worried? It sings "Yo!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
怕	pà	4	to dread	"Pa!" The white heart feared sharply, filled with dread.
忙	máng	2	busy	See how the heart forms busy? It asks "Mang? Too much?" curiously!
慣	guàn	4	accustomed to	See how the heart forms accustomed to? It shouts "Gwan!" sharply!
懷	huái	2	to cherish	"Hwai, should I care for it?" The bad situation made the heart question what to cherish.
必	bì	4	certainly	Like a heart, this character means certainly and shouts "Bee!"!
手	shǒu	3	Hand	A hand reaches outward with open fingers, grasping "Show" - a vivid image to remember!
看	kàn	4	to look at	With a hand combined with an eye, you get to look at - "Kan!" rings out sharply!
拿	ná	2	to hold	"Na, are you holding it?" The hand questioned how to fit and hold the object.
我	wǒ	3	I	The hand stands for i, whispering "Woh" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
義	yì	4	Righteousness	A striking symbol for righteousness that shouts "Yi!" sharply!
議	yì	4	to deliberate	The strokes unite to show to deliberate, shouting "Yi!" sharply!
蟻	yǐ	3	Ant	An striking symbol for ant that whispers "Yi" softly - a vivid image to remember!
抱	bào	4	to embrace	"Bao!" The hand wrapped around to embrace sharply.
抗	kàng	4	to combat	The hand stands for to combat, shouting "Kang!" sharply reached by outstretched fingers!
批	pī	1	to criticize	"Pi!" The hand compared everything cheerfully, ready to criticize.
招	zhāo	1	to beckon	"Zhao!" The hand summoned cheerfully, beckoning others to come.
打	dǎ	3	to strike	With a nail combined with a hand, you get to strike - "Da" rings out softly!
指	zhǐ	3	Finger	When the finger meets the hand, they form finger, whispering "Zhi" softly!
持	chí	2	to support	"Chi, are you holding it steady?" The hand at the temple questioned how to support.
括	kuò	4	to include	"Kwoh!" The hand grasped the tongue sharply to include everything.
提	tí	2	to bring up	See how the hand forms to bring up? It asks "Ti? Lift?" curiously!
揮	huī	1	to brandish	"Hway!" The hand commanded the army cheerfully, brandishing weapons.
推	tuī	1	to push	"Tway!" The hand pushed the bird cheerfully forward.
接	jiē	1	to welcome	"Jieh!" The woman's hand welcomed cheerfully, ready to receive.
掛	guà	4	to hang	"Gwa!" The hand used earth divination sharply to hang the charm.
按	àn	4	to press down on	The hand stands for to press down on, shouting "An!" sharply!
掉	diào	4	to drop	"Diao!" By bad luck, the hand dropped everything sharply.
拉	lā	1	to pull	"La!" The hand stood firm cheerfully, pulling hard.
啦	la	5	!!	"La!" mouth pull says "la" neutrally exclaiming!
找	zhǎo	3	to look for	The hand stands for to look for, whispering "Zhao" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
研	yán	2	to grind away	The stone takes the shape of to grind away, asking "Yan? Polishing?" curiously!
弄	nòng	4	to play with	Picture to play with taking form - it shouts "Nong!" with vivid energy!
鼻	bí	2	Nose	The nose points proudly at oneself, declaring "Bee? Smelling?" with confidence!
刑	xíng	2	Punishment	See how the knife forms punishment? It asks "Shing? Penalty?" curiously!
型	xíng	2	mold	See how the earth forms mold? It asks "Shing? Shape?" curiously!
才	cái	2	Genius	The strokes unite to show genius, asking "Tsai? Talented?" curiously!
財	cái	2	Riches	Like a shellfish, this character means riches and asks "Tsai? How much?"!
存	cún	2	to deposit	"Tsun, are we saving the child?" The genius questioned how to deposit resources.
在	zài	4	at	The earth takes the shape of at, shouting "Zai!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
乃	nǎi	3	only then	This character represents only then, whispering "Nai" softly!
奶	nǎi	3	Milk	A striking symbol for milk that whispers "Nai" softly - a vivid image to remember!
及	jí	2	to catch up with	The person takes the shape of to catch up with, asking "Ji? Fast enough?" curiously!
吸	xī	1	to inhale	"Shi!" The mouth reached out cheerfully to inhale deeply.
史	shǐ	3	History	When the mouth meets the hand, they form history, whispering "Shi" softly!
更	gèng	4	even more	"Geng!" The sun passed through history sharply - even more time elapsed.
硬	yìng	4	hard (like material)	Hard stone more yells "Ying!" sharply firm!
又	yòu	4	again	The hand takes the shape of again, shouting "Yo!" sharply reached by outstretched fingers!
友	yǒu	3	Friend	The hand takes the shape of friend, whispering "Yo" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
雙	shuāng	1	Pair	Picture pair taking form - it sings "Shwang!" with vivid energy!
隻	zhī	1	One of a Pair	An striking symbol for one of a pair that sings "Zhi!" cheerfully!
護	hù	4	to protect	"Hoo!" The words formed a protective pair, commanding to guard sharply.
獲	huò	4	to seize	Like grass, this character means to seize and shouts "Hwoh!"!
觀	guān	1	to observe	"Gwan!" To see something again was to observe cheerfully.
歡	huān	1	joyous	Picture joyous taking form - it sings "Hwan!" with vivid energy!
投	tóu	2	to throw	"Toe, are we tossing it?" The hand reached to question how to throw.
沒	méi	2	to not have	The water takes the shape of to not have, asking "May? None?" curiously!
設	shè	4	to establish	A striking symbol for to establish that shouts "Shuh!" sharply!
股	gǔ	3	Thigh	Picture thigh taking form - it whispers "Goo" with vivid energy!
支	zhī	1	Offshoot	Picture offshoot taking form - it sings "Zhi!" with vivid energy!
技	jì	4	Skill	Like a hand, this character means skill and shouts "Ji!" reached by outstretched fingers!
枝	zhī	1	Branch	The tree takes the shape of branch, singing "Zhi!" cheerfully!
叔	shú	2	(Paternal Older) Uncle	The hand takes the shape of (paternal older) uncle, asking "Shoo? Uncle?" curiously!
督	dū	1	Superintend	Like an eye, this character means superintend and sings "Doo!"!
寂	jí	2	lonely	The strokes unite to show lonely, asking "Ji? Alone?" curiously!
反	fǎn	3	against	Like a hand, this character means against and whispers "Fan"!
板	bǎn	3	Plank	The tree stands for plank, whispering "Ban" softly - a vivid image to remember!
返	fǎn	3	to go back	Picture to go back taking form - it whispers "Fan" with vivid energy!
派	pài	4	Faction	The water takes the shape of faction, shouting "Pai!" sharply!
脈	mài	4	Blood Vessels	This character represents blood vessels, shouting "Mai!" sharply!
爪	zhǎo	3	a Claw	An striking symbol for a claw that whispers "Zhao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
抓	zhuā	1	to grab	"Zhwa!" The claw-like hand grabbed cheerfully, catching prey.
采	cǎi	3	to pluck	See how the tree forms to pluck? It whispers "Tsai" softly - a vivid image to remember!
採	cǎi	3	to pick	Like a hand, this character means to pick and whispers "Tsai"!
菜	cài	4	Vegetable	Like grass, this character means vegetable and shouts "Tsai!"!
受	shòu	4	to accept	"Show!" The claw hand commanded sharply to accept.
授	shòu	4	to confer	The hand stands for to confer, shouting "Show!" sharply reached by outstretched fingers!
愛	ài	4	Love	"Eye!" The claw, heart, and foot commanded love sharply - caring deeply.
雄	xióng	2	grand	The strokes unite to show grand, asking "Shyong? Majestic?" curiously!
台	tái	2	Platform	Like a mouth, this character means platform and sings "Tai?"!
治	zhì	4	to govern	"Zhi!" Water on the platform commanded sharply - time to govern.
始	shǐ	3	to commence	Picture to commence taking form - it whispers "Shi" with vivid energy!
去	qù	4	to go	"Chu!" From private earth came the sharp command to go.
法	fǎ	3	Method	Like water, this character means method and whispers "Fa" like ripples spreading across a pond!
至	zhì	4	until	The earth and arrow unite to create until, shouting "Zhi!" sharply!
室	shì	4	Room	A room house until yells "Shi!" sharply enclosed!
到	dào	4	to arrive	"Dao!" Until the knife fell, commanding sharply that we had arrived.
互	hù	4	mutual	The strokes unite to show mutual, shouting "Hoo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
充	chōng	1	sufficient	The strokes unite to show sufficient, singing "Chong!" cheerfully!
育	yù	4	Education	The moon and roof unite to create education, shouting "Yu!" sharply!
流	liú	2	to flow	"Lyo, is it flowing?" The water questioned as education spread like a stream.
梳	shū	1	Comb	Like a tree, this character means comb and sings "Shoo!" - a vivid image to remember!
山	shān	1	Mountain	This character represents mountain, singing "Shan!" cheerfully!
出	chū	1	to exit	Like a mountain, this character means to exit and sings "Choo!"!
擊	jī	2	to beat	"Ji, should we strike?" The hand on the car questioned how to beat.
密	mì	4	secret	Like a mountain, this character means secret and shouts "Mee!"!
入	rù	4	to enter	A striking symbol for to enter that shouts "Roo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
內	nèi	4	internal	The person takes the shape of internal, shouting "Nay!" sharply!
吶	nà	5	to holler	Like a mouth, this character means to holler and calls "na"!
分	fēn	1	Part	A part divides cheerfully singing "Fen!" high!
貧	pín	2	impoverished	Like a shellfish, this character means impoverished and asks "Pin? So poor?"!
公	gōng	1	public	The person takes the shape of public, singing "Gong!" cheerfully!
松	sōng	1	Pine Tree	The tree takes the shape of pine tree, singing "Song!" cheerfully!
谷	gǔ	3	Valley	The mouth takes the shape of valley, whispering "Goo" softly!
浴	yù	4	to bathe	"Yu!" In the water valley, they bathed by command.
欲	yù	4	to desire	This character represents to desire, shouting "Yu!" sharply!
慾	yù	4	the Lust	"Yu!" The heart's desire commanded sharply - pure lust.
容	róng	2	to contain	"Rong, will it fit inside?" The valley under the roof questioned what it could contain.
溶	róng	2	to dissolve	"Rong, is it melting?" The water questioned as it dissolved what it contained.
當	dāng	1	to work as	See how the field forms to work as? It sings "Dang!" cheerfully!
檔	dàng	3	Files	Like a tree, this character means files and whispers "Dang"!
黨	dǎng	3	Political Party	Picture political party taking form - it whispers "Dang" with vivid energy!
常	cháng	2	often	Picture often taking form - it asks "Chang, how often?" with vivid energy!
堂	táng	2	Main Room	"Tang, is this the central hall?" The earth often questioned where the main room was.
皮	pí	2	Covering	The hand takes the shape of covering, asking "Pi? Skin?" curiously!
波	bō	1	Waves	See how the water forms waves? It sings "Bwo!" cheerfully like ripples spreading across a pond!
婆	pó	2	Old Woman	This character represents old woman, asking "Pwo? Grandmother?" curiously!
破	pò	4	to break	"Pwoh!" The stone broke through skin sharply, shattering it.
被	bèi	4	a Quilt	The strokes unite to show a quilt, shouting "Bay!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
歹	dǎi	3	malicious	A striking symbol for malicious that whispers "Dai" softly - a vivid image to remember!
列	liè	4	to line up	"Lieh!" The daggers lined up sharply in formation.
烈	liè	4	intense	With fire combined with a line, you get intense - "Lieh!" rings out sharply!
死	sǐ	3	Death	This character represents death, whispering "Si" softly - a vivid image to remember!
葬	zàng	4	to inter	"Zang!" The grass and death commanded sharply to inter the body.
耳	ěr	3	Ear	The ear stands for ear, whispering "Er" softly - a vivid image to remember!
取	qǔ	3	to take	When the hand meets the ear, they form to take, whispering "Chu" softly!
趣	qù	4	an Interest	"Chu!" Taking a walk created sharp interest and engagement.
最	zuì	4	most	Picture an ear beside a sun: that's most, shouting "Zway!" sharply!
職	zhí	2	Job	The ear stands for job, asking "Zhi? Working?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
聖	shèng	4	holy	Like an ear, this character means holy and shouts "Sheng!" - a vivid image to remember!
敢	gǎn	3	brave	The ear stands for brave, whispering "Gan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
嚴	yán	2	strict	The mouth takes the shape of strict, asking "Yan? Severe?" curiously!
曼	màn	4	drawn out	"Man!" The sun stretched over the eye sharply - drawn out and extended.
慢	màn	4	slow	The heart stands for slow, shouting "Man!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
漫	màn	4	to overflow	"Man!" The slow water overflowed sharply, flooding everything.
環	huán	2	a Ring	An striking symbol for a ring that asks "Hwan? Circular?" curiously!
還	huán	2	to give back	Picture to give back taking form - it asks "Hwan? Return?" with vivid energy!
夫	fū	2	Husband	This character represents husband, asking "Foo? My man?" curiously!
規	guī	1	Regulations	The strokes unite to show regulations, singing "Gway!" cheerfully!
替	tì	4	to replace	Picture to replace taking form - it shouts "Ti!" with vivid energy!
失	shī	1	to lose	"Shi!" The husband's hand sang sadly as he lost everything.
臣	chén	2	Feudal Official	A striking symbol for feudal official that asks "Chen? Serving?" curiously!
臨	lín	2	to be about to	This character represents to be about to, asking "Lin? Soon?" curiously!
賢	xián	2	worthy	Like a shellfish, this character means worthy and asks "Shian? Virtuous?"!
堅	jiān	1	firm	"Jian!" The earth and official stood firm together - solid and resolute.
力	lì	4	Power	A striking symbol for power that shouts "Lee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
另	lìng	4	another	An striking symbol for another that shouts "Ling!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
別	bié	2	don't	Like a sword, this character means don't and asks "Bieh? Please not?"!
拐	guǎi	3	to turn	See how the hand forms to turn? It whispers "Gwai" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
男	nán	2	Male	The field stands for male, asking "Nan? Man?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
功	gōng	1	Achievement	This character represents achievement, singing "Gong!" cheerfully!
奴	nú	2	Slave	Picture slave taking form - it asks "Noo? Serve?" with vivid energy!
努	nǔ	3	to toil	A striking symbol for to toil that whispers "Noo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
加	jiā	1	to add	"Jia!" Power from the mouth added cheerfully, increasing the total.
賀	hè	4	to congratulate	See how the shellfish forms to congratulate? It shouts "Huh!" sharply!
架	jià	4	Shelf	A shelf add tree yells "Jia!" sharply supporting!
協	xié	2	to cooperate	"Shieh, should we work together?" Ten sources of power questioned how to cooperate.
行	háng	2	Line Of Business	"Hang, what trade do you follow?" Each step questioned the line of business.
律	lǜ	4	Law	This character represents law, shouting "Lyu!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
復	fù	4	to recover	The strokes unite to show to recover, shouting "Foo!" sharply!
得	dé	2	must	Like a hand, this character means must and asks "Duh? Have to?"!
待	dài	4	to treat	"Dai!" At the temple, each step commanded how to treat guests sharply.
往	wǎng	3	toward	This character represents toward, whispering "Wang" softly - a vivid image to remember!
德	dé	2	Morality	"Duh, is this virtuous?" Each step questioned whether going straight showed morality.
聽	tīng	1	to listen	When the eye meets the ear, they form to listen, singing "Ting!" cheerfully!
廳	tīng	1	Hall	Picture hall taking form - it sings "Ting!" with vivid energy!
微	wēi	2	tiny	The mountain takes the shape of tiny, asking "Way? So small?" curiously!
街	jiē	1	Street	The earth takes the shape of street, singing "Jieh!" cheerfully!
禾	hé	2	Standing Grain	Picture standing grain taking form - it asks "Huh? Harvest?" with vivid energy!
程	chéng	2	Journey	The strokes unite to show journey, asking "Cheng? How far?" curiously!
和	hé	2	Harmony	The mouth takes the shape of harmony, asking "Huh? Peace?" curiously!
移	yí	2	to shift	"Yi, are we moving?" The grain questioned as many bundles began to shift.
秋	qiū	1	Autumn	The fire stands for autumn, singing "Chyo!" cheerfully with flickering flames dancing high!
愁	chóu	2	gloomy	The heart takes the shape of gloomy, asking "Cho? Sad?" curiously!
利	lì	4	a Profit	The knife takes the shape of a profit, shouting "Lee!" sharply!
香	xiāng	1	Perfume	Like a sun, this character means perfume and sings "Shyang!"!
季	jì	4	Seasons	This character represents seasons, shouting "Ji!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
委	wěi	3	Committee	This character represents committee, whispering "Way" softly!
秀	xiù	4	elegant	This character represents elegant, shouting "Shyo!" sharply!
透	tòu	4	to penetrate	Picture to penetrate taking form - it shouts "Toe!" with vivid energy!
誘	yòu	4	to entice	"Yo!" Penetrating words enticed sharply, commanding temptation.
歷	lì	4	Experience	This character represents experience, shouting "Lee!" sharply!
米	mǐ	3	Rice	A striking symbol for rice that whispers "Mee" softly - a vivid image to remember!
迷	mí	2	lost	This character represents lost, asking "Mee? Where am I?" curiously!
謎	mí	2	Riddle	The strokes unite to show riddle, asking "Mee? What answer?" curiously!
類	lèi	4	the Kind	This character represents the kind, shouting "Lay!" sharply!
竹	zhú	2	Bamboo	The bamboo stands for bamboo, asking "Zhoo? Growing?" curiously!
笑	xiào	4	to laugh	"Shyao!" The young bamboo laughed sharply, giggling with joy.
箱	xiāng	1	Box	With bamboo combined with a box, you get box - "Shyang!" rings out cheerfully!
筆	bǐ	3	Pen	Picture bamboo beside a hand: that's pen, whispering "Bee" softly!
等	děng	3	etc.	See how the bamboo forms etc.? It whispers "Dung" softly - a vivid image to remember!
算	suàn	4	to calculate	"Swan!" Bamboo eyes calculated sharply, computing the answer.
答	dá	2	to answer	"Da, should I reply?" The bamboo questioned how to fit an answer.
策	cè	4	Strategy	When the tree meets the bamboo, they form strategy, shouting "Tsuh!" sharply!
人	rén	2	Person	See how the person forms person? It asks "Ren? Who?" curiously!
囚	qiú	2	Prisoner	A prisoner person trapped questions "Chyo? Release?" curiously!
份	fèn	4	Portion	The person stands for portion, shouting "Fen!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
佔	zhàn	4	to occupy	Like a person, this character means to occupy and shouts "Zhan!"!
傢	jiā	1	Furniture	See how the person forms furniture? It sings "Jia!" cheerfully!
你	nǐ	3	you	The person stands for you, whispering "Nee" softly - a vivid image to remember!
您	nín	2	you (respectful)	"Nin, sir?" The heart of a person questioned respectfully - addressing you formally.
什	shén	2	what?	See how the person forms what?? It asks "Shen? Which?" curiously!
條	tiáo	2	a Strip	The person stands for a strip, asking "Tiao? Thin piece?" curiously!
值	zhí	2	Value	See how the person forms value? It asks "Zhi? Worth?" curiously!
做	zuò	4	to make	"Zwoh!" The ancient person commanded sharply to make things.
但	dàn	4	however	The person takes the shape of however, shouting "Dan!" sharply!
住	zhù	4	to dwell	"Zhoo!" The master person commanded sharply where to dwell.
位	wèi	4	Position	See how the person forms position? It shouts "Way!" sharply!
件	jiàn	4	Piece	The person takes the shape of piece, shouting "Jian!" sharply!
仍	réng	2	still	The person stands for still, asking "Reng? Yet?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
他	tā	1	he	The person takes the shape of he, singing "Ta!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
休	xiū	1	to rest	"Shyo!" The person by the tree sang cheerfully - time to rest!
信	xìn	4	Faith	See how the person forms faith? It shouts "Shin!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
依	yī	1	to depend on	Like a person, this character means to depend on and sings "Yi!"!
例	lì	4	Example	Like a person, this character means example and shouts "Lee!"!
個	gè	4	individual	See how the person forms individual? It shouts "Guh!" sharply!
健	jiàn	4	healthy	Like a person, this character means healthy and shouts "Jian!"!
停	tíng	2	to halt	"Ting, should we stop?" The person at the pavilion questioned whether to halt.
倒	dǎo	3	upside down	The person takes the shape of upside down, whispering "Dao" softly!
仁	rén	2	Benevolence	The person takes the shape of benevolence, asking "Ren? Kind?" curiously!
優	yōu	1	excellent	Like a person, this character means excellent and sings "Yo!"!
傷	shāng	1	a Wound	Like a person, this character means a wound and sings "Shang!"!
保	bǎo	3	to safeguard	Like a person, this character means to safeguard and whispers "Bao"!
堡	bǎo	3	Fort	See how the earth forms fort? It whispers "Bao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
付	fù	4	to pay	"Foo!" The person's hand commanded sharply - time to pay.
府	fǔ	3	Government Office	A striking symbol for government office that whispers "Foo" softly!
俯	fǔ	3	to bow one's head	See how the person forms to bow one's head? It whispers "Foo" softly!
代	dài	4	to substitute for	"Dai!" A person with a weapon commanded sharply to substitute one for another.
袋	dài	4	Bag	A bag clothes substitute yells "Dai!" sharply holding!
化	huà	4	to transform	"Hwa!" The person changed form sharply, beginning to transform.
花	huā	1	Flower	The grass takes the shape of flower, singing "Hwa!" cheerfully!
貨	huò	4	Commodities	Like a shellfish, this character means commodities and shouts "Hwoh!"!
何	hé	2	what/which/who/where/why?	The mouth and person unite to create what/which/who/where/why?, asking "Huh? Who where?" curiously!
便	biàn	4	convenient	See how the person forms convenient? It shouts "Bian!" sharply!
丈	zhàng	4	100 Chinese Inches	A striking symbol for 100 chinese inches that shouts "Zhang!" sharply!
使	shǐ	3	to use	The person stands for to use, whispering "Shi" softly - a vivid image to remember!
久	jiǔ	3	long time	The person takes the shape of long time, whispering "Jyo" softly!
畝	mǔ	3	Chinese Acre	Like a field, this character means chinese acre and whispers "Moo"!
丙	bǐng	3	third	A striking symbol for third that whispers "Bing" softly - a vivid image to remember!
柄	bǐng	3	a Handle	The tree takes the shape of a handle, whispering "Bing" softly!
肉	ròu	4	Meat	With a person combined with a meat, you get meat - "Ro!" rings out sharply!
腐	fǔ	3	rotten	Like a meat, this character means rotten and whispers "Foo"!
眾	zhòng	4	Multitude	See how the people forms multitude? It shouts "Zhong!" sharply!
坐	zuò	4	to sit	Picture earth beside a people: that's to sit, shouting "Zwoh!" sharply!
座	zuò	4	Seat	A seat building sit yells "Zwoh!" sharply positioned!
檢	jiǎn	3	to examine	The tree takes the shape of to examine, whispering "Jian" softly!
臉	liǎn	3	a Face	The strokes unite to show a face, whispering "Lian" softly - a vivid image to remember!
來	lái	2	to come	The strokes unite to show to come, asking "Lai? Arriving?" curiously!
麥	mài	4	Wheat	A striking symbol for wheat that shouts "Mai!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
喝	hē	1	to drink	"Huh!" The mouth consumed wheat cheerfully, drinking it down.
渴	kě	3	thirsty	Like water, this character means thirsty and whispers "Kuh"!
任	rèn	4	to appoint	"Ren!" The person with the burden commanded sharply whom to appoint.
廷	tíng	2	Royal Court	The strokes unite to show royal court, asking "Ting? Palace?" curiously!
庭	tíng	2	Court Of Law	The strokes unite to show court of law, asking "Ting? Trial?" curiously!
以	yǐ	3	by means of	The strokes unite to show by means of, whispering "Yi" softly!
似	sì	4	similar	"Sih!" A person by similar means commanded sharply - they were alike.
併	bìng	4	to combine	"Bing!" The person took each piece and combined them sharply.
拼	pīn	1	to piece together	Like a hand, this character means to piece together and sings "Pin!"!
呂	lǚ	3	Spine	Picture spine taking form - it whispers "Lyu" with vivid energy!
侶	lǚ	3	an Associate	Like a person, this character means an associate and whispers "Lyu"!
榮	róng	2	Glory	Picture grass beside fire: that's glory, asking "Rong? Honor?" curiously!
勞	láo	2	Labor	See how the fire forms labor? It asks "Lao? Working?" curiously!
營	yíng	2	a Camp	Like fire, this character means a camp and asks "Ying? Army?"!
善	shàn	4	virtuous	Like a mouth, this character means virtuous and shouts "Shan!"!
年	nián	2	Year	Picture year taking form - it asks "Nian? How long?" with vivid energy!
夜	yè	4	Night	"Yeh!" The person became like liquid in the darkness - it was night.
液	yè	4	Liquid	See how the water forms liquid? It shouts "Yeh!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
喚	huàn	4	to call out	The mouth stands for to call out, shouting "Hwan!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
換	huàn	4	to exchange	The hand takes the shape of to exchange, shouting "Hwan!" sharply!
旅	lǚ	3	to travel	This character represents to travel, whispering "Lyu" softly!
施	shī	1	to execute	"Shi!" To travel was to execute the plan cheerfully.
游	yóu	2	to go swimming	The water takes the shape of to go swimming, asking "Yo? Swimming?" curiously!
遊	yóu	2	to tour	"Yo, are we wandering?" The walk through water questioned the tour route.
勿	wù	4	not	The strokes unite to show not, shouting "Woo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
忽	hū	1	suddenly	See how the heart forms suddenly? It sings "Hoo!" cheerfully!
物	wù	4	Thing	Picture thing taking form - it shouts "Woo!" with vivid energy!
易	yì	4	easy	Picture a moon beside a sun: that's easy, shouting "Yi!" sharply!
賜	cì	4	to grant	The shellfish stands for to grant, shouting "Tsih!" sharply!
屍	shī	1	Corpse	Like a body, this character means corpse and sings "Shi!" - a vivid image to remember!
尼	ní	2	Nun	Picture nun taking form - it asks "Nee? Religious?" with vivid energy!
呢	ne	5	Woolen Cloth	Like a mouth, this character means woolen cloth and calls "nuh"!
泥	ní	2	Mud	The earth and water unite to create mud, asking "Nee? Wet earth?" curiously!
屋	wū	1	Habitation	A striking symbol for habitation that sings "Woo!" cheerfully!
握	wò	4	to grip	"Woh!" The hand formed a house shape, gripping sharply.
居	jū	1	to reside	"Jyu!" The ancient corpse sang cheerfully where it would reside.
鋸	jù	4	a Saw	The gold stands for a saw, shouting "Jyu!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
層	céng	2	Story	Picture story taking form - it asks "Tseng? Which floor?" with vivid energy!
局	jú	2	Bureau	This character represents bureau, asking "Jyu? Office?" curiously!
戶	hù	4	Door	The door takes the shape of door, shouting "Hoo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
房	fáng	2	Domicile	See how the door forms domicile? It asks "Fang? House?" curiously!
雇	gù	4	to hire	"Goo!" The bird at the door commanded sharply whom to hire.
顧	gù	4	to look back	Picture to look back taking form - it shouts "Goo!" with vivid energy!
示	shì	4	to show	A striking symbol for to show that shouts "Shi!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
社	shè	4	Society	The earth stands for society, shouting "Shuh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
視	shì	4	to inspect	"Shi!" Show me what you see - inspect it sharply!
福	fú	2	Happiness	"Foo, are we blessed?" One mouth shown questioned happiness.
禁	jìn	4	to prohibit	"Jin!" Show the forest the sharp command to prohibit entry.
襟	jīn	1	Front of a Garment	The strokes unite to show front of a garment, singing "Jeen!" cheerfully!
宗	zōng	1	Religion	Like a roof, this character means religion and sings "Zong!"!
崇	chóng	2	to worship	"Chong, should we revere this?" The mountain religion questioned worship.
祭	jì	4	to offer sacrifice	A striking symbol for to offer sacrifice that shouts "Ji!" sharply!
察	chá	2	to scrutinize	"Cha, should we examine it?" The roof over the sacrifice questioned scrutiny.
擦	cā	1	to scrub	"Tsa!" The hand scrutinized cheerfully while scrubbing and wiping.
由	yóu	2	Wherefore	The field stands for wherefore, asking "Yo? Why?" curiously!
抽	chōu	1	to draw out	Like a hand, this character means to draw out and sings "Cho!"!
油	yóu	2	Oil	The water stands for oil, asking "Yo? Lubricating?" curiously!
甲	jiǎ	3	first	Like a shell, this character means first and whispers "Jia"!
押	yā	1	to pawn	"Ya!" Her hand pawned the item cheerfully, making a deposit.
申	shēn	1	to express	"Shen!" In the middle of the day, he expressed himself cheerfully.
伸	shēn	1	to extend	"Shen!" The person extended their body cheerfully, stretching out.
神	shén	2	Gods	Picture gods taking form - it asks "Shen? Divine?" with vivid energy!
果	guǒ	3	Fruit	When the tree meets the field, they form fruit, whispering "Gwoh" softly!
課	kè	4	Lesson	A striking symbol for lesson that shouts "Kuh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
顆	kē	1	Granule	Picture granule taking form - it sings "Kuh!" with vivid energy!
斤	jīn	1	a Catty	This character represents a catty, singing "Jeen!" cheerfully!
所	suǒ	3	a Place	See how the door forms a place? It whispers "Swoh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
近	jìn	4	near	The strokes unite to show near, shouting "Jin!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
斬	zhǎn	3	hew	A striking symbol for hew that whispers "Zhan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
暫	zhàn	4	temporary	See how the sun forms temporary? It shouts "Zhan!" sharply as sunlight streams across the sky!
漸	jiàn	4	gradually	Like water, this character means gradually and shouts "Jian!"!
質	zhì	2	Quality	See how the shellfish forms quality? It asks "Zhi? Grade?" curiously!
斥	chì	4	to reprimand	"Chi!" The ax and dot commanded a sharp reprimand, scolding loudly.
訴	sù	4	to accuse	The strokes unite to show to accuse, shouting "Soo!" sharply!
乍	zhà	4	for the first time	"Zha!" For the first time, it happened sharply and initially.
怎	zěn	3	how?	See how the heart forms how?? It whispers "Zen" softly - a vivid image to remember!
昨	zuó	2	Yesterday	"Zwoh, was that the past?" The sun questioned yesterday curiously.
作	zuò	4	to do	Like a person, this character means to do and shouts "Zwoh!"!
雪	xuě	3	the Snow	The rain takes the shape of the snow, whispering "Shueh" softly!
急	jí	2	anxious	See how the heart forms anxious? It asks "Ji? Worried?" curiously!
尋	xún	2	to seek	The roof stands for to seek, asking "Shun? Looking for?" curiously!
婦	fù	4	Married Woman	"Foo!" The woman with the broom commanded sharply - she was a married woman, a wife.
掃	sǎo	3	to sweep	The hand stands for to sweep, whispering "Sao" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
錄	lù	4	to record	"Loo!" Gold and broom commanded sharply to record and document everything.
碌	lù	4	commonplace	Like a stone, this character means commonplace and shouts "Loo!"!
爭	zhēng	1	to contend	"Zheng!" The claw and hand fought cheerfully, contending for victory.
淨	jìng	4	clean	Like water, this character means clean and shouts "Jing!" like ripples spreading across a pond!
事	shì	4	Matter	See how the hand forms matter? It shouts "Shi!" sharply reached by outstretched fingers!
唐	táng	2	Tang	Like a mouth, this character means tang and asks "Tang? Dynasty?"!
糖	táng	2	Sugar	A striking symbol for sugar that asks "Tang? Sweet?" curiously!
康	kāng	1	hale	The roof stands for hale, singing "Kang!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
尹	yǐn	3	Overseer	The hand stands for overseer, whispering "Yin" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
伊	yī	1	Queen Elizabeth	The person stands for queen elizabeth, singing "Yi!" cheerfully!
君	jūn	1	Monarch	The mouth stands for monarch, singing "June!" cheerfully spoken through parted lips!
裙	qún	2	Skirt	The strokes unite to show skirt, asking "Chun? Dress?" curiously!
群	qún	2	Crowd	Picture crowd taking form - it asks "Chun? Many?" with vivid energy!
而	ér	2	and	Picture and taking form - it asks "Er? Also?" with vivid energy!
需	xū	1	to need	"Shyu!" Rain sang cheerfully - it was needed and required.
儒	rú	2	Confucian	Like a person, this character means confucian and asks "Roo? Scholar?"!
瑞	ruì	4	auspicious	Like a mountain, this character means auspicious and shouts "Rway!"!
端	duān	1	upright	Like a mountain, this character means upright and sings "Dwan!"!
曲	qū	1	bent	This character represents bent, singing "Chu!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
斗	dǒu	3	Big Dipper	Picture big dipper taking form - it whispers "Doe" with vivid energy!
料	liào	4	Material	This character represents material, shouting "Liao!" sharply!
科	kē	1	Academic Discipline	"Kuh!" The grain in the dipper sang cheerfully - an academic discipline in the field!
用	yòng	4	to utilize	The door stands for to utilize, shouting "Yong!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
邊	biān	1	Border	Along the border road, your nose catches the scent, singing "Bian!" cheerfully as you cross the edge!
深	shēn	1	deep	"Shen!" she sang cheerfully as water depths grew deeper - diving down into the profound darkness!
探	tàn	4	a Spy	This character represents a spy, shouting "Tan!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
丘	qiū	1	Hill	The hill rises like a hobbit-home, singing "Chyo!" cheerfully round and grassy!
兵	bīng	1	Troops	The strokes unite to show troops, singing "Bing!" cheerfully!
絲	sī	1	Silk	The silk stands for silk, singing "Si!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
線	xiàn	4	Line	A line of silk commands "Shian!" sharply, connecting thread to thread in perfect rows!
維	wéi	2	to maintain	The silk takes the shape of to maintain, asking "Way? How to hold together?" curiously!
羅	luó	2	Silk Gauze	Like silk, this character means silk gauze and asks "Lwo? Strong enough?"!
續	xù	4	to continue	To continue the silk sale, you command "Shu!" sharply, extending the thread further!
統	tǒng	3	continuum	A continuum of silk flows, bending down drooping like "Tong" - all unified together!
給	gěi	3	to give	The silk takes the shape of to give, whispering "Gay" softly!
結	jié	2	to tie	See how the silk forms to tie? It asks "Jieh? Married?" curiously!
終	zhōng	1	end	The end of silk and winter sings "Zhong!" cheerfully as threads finish!
級	jí	2	a Rank	A rank of silk and reach questions "Ji? What level?" like Spider-man taking the JLPT!
紀	jì	4	Epoch	An epoch of silk history commands "Ji!" sharply, chronicling ages in threads!
紅	hóng	2	red	"Hong, why so crimson?" The silk and work questioned curiously, blushing red.
約	yuē	1	to make an appointment	The silk takes the shape of to make an appointment, singing "Yueh!" cheerfully!
細	xì	4	fine	"Shi!" Silk as fine as field threads commanded sharply - delicate as a hair!
緊	jǐn	3	tight	See how the silk forms tight? It whispers "Jeen" softly - a vivid image to remember!
織	zhī	1	to weave	Like silk, this character means to weave and sings "Zhi!" - a vivid image to remember!
網	wǎng	3	Net	See how the silk forms net? It whispers "Wang" softly - a vivid image to remember!
綠	lǜ	4	green	With grass combined with water, you get green - "Lyu!" rings out sharply!
彎	wān	1	curved	"Wan!" Thread and bow curved cheerfully, bending in an arc!
灣	wān	1	Bay	A bay of water curves, singing "Wan!" cheerfully like a gulf!
戀	liàn	4	to be enamored of	To be enamored, thread and heart command "Lian!" sharply - romance pulls tight!
變	biàn	4	to change	See how the thread forms to change? It shouts "Bian!" sharply!
經	jīng	1	Scripture	Picture scripture taking form - it sings "Jing!" with vivid energy!
輕	qīng	1	lightweight	The silk takes the shape of lightweight, singing "Ching!" cheerfully!
後	hòu	4	behind	Behind the path with thread commands "Ho!" sharply at the rear!
幾	jǐ	3	how many?	How many small threads bend down drooping saying "Ji?" - just a few!
機	jī	1	Machine	A machine of trees and threads sings "Ji!" cheerfully - an opportunity clicking like an abacus!
斷	duàn	4	to sever	See how the silk forms to sever? It shouts "Dwan!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
繼	jì	4	to carry on	With a thread combined with silk, you get to carry on - "Ji!" rings out sharply!
顯	xiǎn	3	obvious	The thread stands for obvious, whispering "Shian" softly - a vivid image to remember!
樂	yuè	4	Music	"Yueh!" The white tree commanded music sharply - melodies sang with joy!
藥	yào	4	Medicine	The grass takes the shape of medicine, shouting "Yao!" sharply!
雞	jī	1	Chicken	A chicken bird sings "Ji!" cheerfully - part griffin, part turkey!
麼	me	5	[interrogative suffix]	"What, me?" says the hemp thread neutrally, questioning at sentence's end!
系	xì	4	Lineage	Like silk, this character means lineage and shouts "Shi!" - a vivid image to remember!
係	xì	4	related to	"Shi!" The person's lineage commanded sharply - they were related by connection!
孫	sūn	1	Grandchild	"Sun!" The child on the family line sang cheerfully - a grandson continuing the thread!
卻	què	4	to withdraw	"Chueh!" Divination commanded withdrawal sharply - retreat, yet stand firm!
腳	jiǎo	3	Foot	The foot takes the shape of foot, whispering "Jiao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
服	fú	2	Apparel	"Foo, what clothing should I wear?" The moon and hand questioned apparel curiously.
命	mìng	4	Fate	Fate's mouth opens, commanding "Ming!" sharply - life's destiny spoken!
留	liú	2	to stay	"Lyo, should I remain here?" The field questioned whether to stay, detained.
溜	liū	1	to slide	"Lyo!" On the water they sang cheerfully, sliding away, skating and slipping!
聊	liáo	2	to chat	"Liao, want to talk more?" The ear questioned how to chat curiously, passing time!
柳	liǔ	3	Willow	Like a tree, this character means willow and whispers "Lyo"!
令	lìng	4	Orders	"Ling!" The seal stamped orders sharply - the decree was issued!
冷	lěng	3	cold	A striking symbol for cold that whispers "Leng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
零	líng	2	zero	The rain stands for zero, asking "Ling? Nothing left?" curiously!
領	lǐng	3	Collar	The strokes unite to show collar, whispering "Ling" softly - a vivid image to remember!
通	tōng	1	to communicate	See how the stick forms to communicate? It sings "Tong!" cheerfully!
勇	yǒng	3	courageous	This character represents courageous, whispering "Yong" softly!
犯	fàn	4	Criminal	A criminal dog half-committed commands "Fan!" sharply violating rules!
危	wēi	1	Danger	Danger! Rock climbing bound by fingerprints sings "Way!" anxiously high on the cliff!
脆	cuì	4	fragile	"Tsway!" Flesh in danger commanded sharply - fragile, brittle, and easily broken!
印	yìn	4	Print	"Yin!" The hand pressed the seal sharply to print - a stamp marking India's mark!
興	xìng	4	Excitement	An striking symbol for excitement that shouts "Shing!" sharply!
酒	jiǔ	3	Liquor	A striking symbol for liquor that whispers "Jyo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
配	pèi	4	to distribute	The strokes unite to show to distribute, shouting "Pay!" sharply!
酋	qiú	2	Chieftain	A chieftain with wine questions "Chyo? Am I chief?" curiously leading the tribe!
尊	zūn	1	to venerate	To venerate the wine altar sings "Zun!" cheerfully honoring with respect!
遵	zūn	1	to abide by	To abide by the walk of veneration sings "Zun!" cheerfully following rules!
豆	dòu	4	Beans	"Doe!" Beans in a dish commanded sharply - peas stacked high!
頭	tóu	2	Head	A head with beans questions "Toe? Where's the chief?" curiously at the top!
短	duǎn	3	short	See how the arrow forms short? It whispers "Dwan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
禮	lǐ	3	Ceremony	This character represents ceremony, whispering "Lee" softly!
體	tǐ	3	Body	The body takes the shape of body, whispering "Ti" softly - a vivid image to remember!
鼓	gǔ	3	a Drum	The strokes unite to show a drum, singing "Goo" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
喜	xǐ	3	joyful	The mouth takes the shape of joyful, whispering "Shi" softly!
廚	chú	2	Kitchen	"Choo, what's cooking?" The cliff with beans questioned the kitchen curiously!
樹	shù	4	Timber	"Shoo!" Tree and drum commanded sharply - timber leaking glue when beaten!
血	xuè	3	Blood	The strokes unite to show blood, whispering "Shueh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
盡	jìn	4	exhausted	The strokes unite to show exhausted, shouting "Jin!" sharply!
儘	jǐn	3	to the utmost	The person stands for to the utmost, whispering "Jeen" softly!
蓋	gài	4	Lid	A lid of grass covers blood, commanding "Gai!" sharply - canopy on top!
溫	wēn	1	temperature	Temperature of water sings "Wen!" warmly - Marilyn giving bowl to prisoner feels lukewarm!
監	jiān	1	to supervise	A striking symbol for to supervise that sings "Jian!" cheerfully!
籃	lán	2	Basket	A basket of bamboo supervises, questioning "Lan? What's inside?" curiously holding goods!
藍	lán	2	blue	The grass takes the shape of blue, asking "Lan? Why this color?" curiously!
銀	yín	2	Silver	"Yin, is this precious metal?" Gold questioned silver curiously, shining bright!
跟	gēn	1	Heel	A heel foot following sings "Gen!" cheerfully accompanying behind!
很	hěn	3	very	Picture very taking form - it whispers "Hen" with vivid energy!
根	gēn	1	Root	A root tree at heel sings "Gen!" cheerfully - the basis below!
即	jí	2	immediately	Like a person, this character means immediately and asks "Ji? Right now?"!
節	jié	2	Holiday	Like bamboo, this character means holiday and asks "Jieh? Festival time?"!
退	tuì	4	to retreat	"Tway!" Walking backwards, they retreated sharply, withdrawing step by step!
腿	tuǐ	3	Leg	Like a leg, this character means leg and whispers "Tway" - a vivid image to remember!
限	xiàn	4	Limit	The strokes unite to show limit, shouting "Shian!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
眼	yǎn	3	Eyelet	Like an eye, this character means eyelet and whispers "Yan"!
良	liáng	2	high-quality	A striking symbol for high-quality that asks "Lyang? Very good?" curiously!
浪	làng	4	Breakers	Like water, this character means breakers and shouts "Lang!"!
娘	niáng	2	Mom	A striking symbol for mom that asks "Nyang? Mother dear?" curiously!
食	shí	2	Food	Like a person, this character means food and asks "Shi? What to eat?"!
飯	fàn	4	Meal	A striking symbol for meal that shouts "Fan!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
餐	cān	1	to dine	"Tsan!" They dined with food cheerfully - a repast eaten together!
館	guǎn	3	Bldg.	This character represents bldg., whispering "Gwan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
養	yǎng	3	to raise	This character represents to raise, whispering "Yang" softly!
既	jì	4	since	A striking symbol for since that shouts "Ji!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
概	gài	4	approximate	See how the tree forms approximate? It shouts "Gai!" sharply!
平	píng	2	even	An striking symbol for even that asks "Ping? Level?" curiously!
評	píng	2	to evaluate	"Ping, is this a fair judgment?" Words questioned evenly, evaluating and criticizing curiously!
坪	píng	2	Level Ground	"Ping, is this a flat plain?" The earth questioned level ground curiously - measuring the two-mat area!
乎	hū	1	ooh!	"Ooh!" exclaims cheerfully singing "Hoo!" high with surprise!
呼	hū	1	to shout	"Hoo!" The mouth sang cheerfully, shouting and exhaling loudly!
希	xī	1	to hope	"Shee!" Scarce cloth sang cheerfully - hoping for the rare!
稀	xī	1	scarce	Picture scarce taking form - it sings "Shee!" with vivid energy!
學	xué	2	to study	"Shueh, are we learning?" The child under the roof questioned study curiously - science and -ology!
覺	jué	2	Senses	Picture senses taking form - it asks "Jueh? Aware?" with vivid energy!
攪	jiǎo	3	to stir	The hand stands for to stir, whispering "Jiao" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
凶	xiōng	1	sinister	The box stands for sinister, singing "Shyong!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
兇	xiōng	1	cruel	Picture cruel taking form - it sings "Shyong!" with vivid energy!
胸	xiōng	1	Bosom	See how the heart forms bosom? It sings "Shyong!" cheerfully!
離	lí	2	to leave	"Lee, are you going away?" The departing bird questioned leaving curiously, detaching.
禽	qín	2	Fowl	See how the person forms fowl? It asks "Chin, what birds are these?" curiously!
辛	xīn	1	peppery	A striking symbol for peppery that sings "Shin!" cheerfully!
辦	bàn	4	to manage	This character represents to manage, shouting "Ban!" sharply!
辯	biàn	4	to dispute	"Bian!" Words as peppery as spice commanded sharply - disputing, arguing and debating!
壁	bì	4	Partition	The earth and wall unite to create partition, shouting "Bee!" sharply!
避	bì	4	to evade	Picture to evade taking form - it shouts "Bee!" with vivid energy!
新	xīn	1	new	"Shin!" Standing with tree and ax, they sang cheerfully - everything fresh and newly made!
薪	xīn	1	Fuel	See how the grass forms fuel? It sings "Shin!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
親	qīn	1	Relatives	"Chin!" Standing by the tree to see, they sang cheerfully - dear relatives and intimate relations!
襯	chèn	4	Inner Garments	"Chen!" Clothes for relatives commanded sharply - inner garments, underwear beneath!
幸	xìng	4	Good Fortune	"Shing!" Hands bound together commanded good fortune sharply - lucky and fortunate!
執	zhí	2	to clench	The hand takes the shape of to clench, asking "Zhi, should I keep grasping?" curiously!
報	bào	4	Newspaper	Picture newspaper taking form - it shouts "Bao!" with vivid energy!
叫	jiào	4	to call	"Jiao!" The mouth compared and commanded sharply - calling and shouting orders!
收	shōu	1	to receive	"Show!" The hand worked again cheerfully to receive - accepting income collected!
陸	lù	4	Land	The strokes unite to show land, shouting "Loo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
勢	shì	4	Force	This character represents force, shouting "Shi!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
熱	rè	4	Heat	Like fire, this character means heat and shouts "Ruh!" with flickering flames dancing high!
藝	yì	4	Technique	With grass combined with a person, you get technique - "Yi!" rings out sharply!
亥	hài	4	Sign Of The Hog	The strokes unite to show sign of the hog, shouting "Hai!" sharply!
核	hé	2	Nucleus	See how the tree forms nucleus? It asks "Huh? Center?" curiously!
孩	hái	2	Tot	A tot child hog questions "Hai? Little one?" curiously young!
刻	kè	4	to carve	"Kuh!" The knife carved the hog sharply - engraving quarter-hours!
該	gāi	1	should	The strokes unite to show should, singing "Gai!" cheerfully!
述	shù	4	to narrate	"Shoo!" Walking with the hog, they commanded narration sharply - telling and relating!
術	shù	4	Art	The strokes unite to show art, shouting "Shoo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
殺	shā	1	to kill	"Sha!" The tree mastered the dark art - killing, murdering and slaughtering!
襄	xiāng	1	to aid	"Shyang!" Clothes held high sang cheerfully - aiding and assisting!
讓	ràng	4	to yield	"Rang!" Words of aid commanded sharply to yield - allowing and permitting!
壤	rǎng	3	Territory	When the earth meets the soil, they form territory, whispering "Rang" softly!
寒	hán	2	frigid	The strokes unite to show frigid, asking "Han? Cold?" curiously!
賽	sài	4	Competition	The shellfish stands for competition, shouting "Sai!" sharply!
毒	dú	2	a Poison	The strokes unite to show a poison, asking "Doo? Venom?" curiously!
素	sù	4	Vegetarian Diet	"Soo!" Ten threads commanded sharply at the table - a plain vegetarian diet, meatless!
青	qīng	1	blue or green	The moon takes the shape of blue or green, singing "Ching!" cheerfully!
精	jīng	1	refined	A striking symbol for refined that sings "Jing!" cheerfully!
請	qǐng	3	to invite	The strokes unite to show to invite, whispering "Ching" softly!
情	qíng	2	Feelings	See how the heart forms feelings? It asks "Ching? Emotion?" curiously!
睛	jīng	1	Eyeball	See how the eye forms eyeball? It sings "Jing!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
清	qīng	1	pure	See how the water forms pure? It sings "Ching!" cheerfully like ripples spreading across a pond!
靜	jìng	4	quiet	A striking symbol for quiet that shouts "Jing!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
責	zé	2	Responsibility	See how the shellfish forms responsibility? It asks "Dzuh? Duty?" curiously!
績	jì	4	Accomplishments	The thread stands for accomplishments, shouting "Jee!" sharply!
積	jī	1	to accumulate	The strokes unite to show to accumulate, singing "Jee!" cheerfully!
表	biǎo	3	Surface	A striking symbol for surface that whispers "Byao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
錶	biǎo	3	a Watch	The metal stands for a watch, whispering "Byao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
生	shēng	1	Life	"Shung!" Life sprouted from soil cheerfully - to be born!
星	xīng	1	Star	Like a sun, this character means star and sings "Shing!" as sunlight streams across the sky!
姓	xìng	4	Surname	A striking symbol for surname that shouts "Shing!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
性	xìng	4	Sex	The heart takes the shape of sex, shouting "Shing!" sharply!
害	hài	4	Harm	See how the mouth forms harm? It shouts "Hi!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
割	gē	1	to cut off	The sword takes the shape of to cut off, singing "Guh!" cheerfully!
慧	huì	4	intelligent	The heart takes the shape of intelligent, shouting "Hway!" sharply!
豐	fēng	1	plentiful	This character represents plentiful, singing "Fung!" cheerfully!
春	chūn	1	Springtime	"Choon!" The sun warmed three people cheerfully - springtime, the festive season!
泰	tài	4	tranquil	"Tie!" Water and big hands commanded sharply - tranquil, peaceful and safe!
奉	fèng	4	to proffer	The strokes unite to show to proffer, shouting "Fung!" sharply!
棒	bàng	4	Cudgel	The tree and stick unite to create cudgel, shouting "Bahng!" sharply!
勤	qín	2	diligent	This character represents diligent, asking "Chin? Working?" curiously!
謹	jǐn	3	careful	A striking symbol for careful that whispers "Jin" softly - a vivid image to remember!
僅	jǐn	3	merely	The person takes the shape of merely, whispering "Jin" softly!
漢	hàn	4	Han	The water takes the shape of han, shouting "Hahn!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
難	nán	2	difficult	Picture difficult taking form - it asks "Nahn? Arduous?" with vivid energy!
攤	tān	5	Vendor's Stand	Like a hand, this character means vendor's stand and calls "Tahn"!
華	huá	2	Splendor	The strokes unite to show splendor, asking "Hwah? Magnificent?" curiously!
嘩	huá	2	Clamor	The mouth takes the shape of clamor, asking "Hwah? Noise?" curiously!
垂	chuí	2	to droop	"Chway, is it hanging?" The cliff questioned ground curiously - drooping and dangling down!
錘	chuí	2	Hammer	The metal takes the shape of hammer, asking "Chway? Spindle?" curiously!
睡	shuì	4	to sleep	Like an eye, this character means to sleep and shouts "Shway!"!
今	jīn	1	now	The strokes unite to show now, singing "Jin!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
含	hán	2	to harbor	"Hahn, are you keeping it?" The mouth questioned now curiously - harboring and containing!
念	niàn	4	to miss	"Nyen!" The heart commanded now sharply - to miss, recall and wish!
陰	yīn	1	Yin	See how the wall forms yin? It sings "Yin!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
蔭	yìn	4	shady	See how the shelter forms shady? It shouts "Yin!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
西	xī	1	West	The strokes unite to show west, singing "Shee!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
要	yào	4	want	A striking symbol for want that shouts "Yao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
腰	yāo	1	Waist	The body stands for waist, singing "Yao!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
票	piào	4	Ticket	Picture ticket taking form - it shouts "Pyao!" with vivid energy!
漂	piào	4	to drift	"Pyao!" Water carried the ticket sharply - drifting and floating, tossed about!
標	biāo	1	a Mark	Like a tree, this character means a mark and sings "Byao!" - a vivid image to remember!
賈	gǔ	3	Merchant	Like a shellfish, this character means merchant and whispers "Goo"!
價	jià	4	Price	Like a person, this character means price and shouts "Jyah!"!
煙	yān	5	the Smoke	The fire takes the shape of the smoke, singing "Yan" cheerfully!
南	nán	2	South	This character represents south, asking "Nahn? Direction?" curiously!
門	mén	2	Gate	The gate takes the shape of gate, asking "Muhn? Entrance?" curiously!
們	men	5	[plural]	Plural marker gate person says "men" neutrally - we/they/you all!
閒	xián	2	Leisure	The tree and gate unite to create leisure, asking "Shyan? Idle?" curiously!
問	wèn	4	to ask	The gate and mouth unite to create to ask, shouting "Wuhn!" sharply!
間	jiān	1	Interval	Picture a gate beside a sun: that's interval, singing "Jyan!" cheerfully!
簡	jiǎn	3	simple	See how the bamboo forms simple? It whispers "Jyan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
開	kāi	1	to open	The gate takes the shape of to open, singing "Kigh!" cheerfully!
聞	wén	2	to hear	"Wuhn, are you sniffing?" The ear at the gate questioned hearing curiously - listening!
倉	cāng	1	Storehouse	The mouth takes the shape of storehouse, singing "Tsahng!" cheerfully!
槍	qiāng	1	Gun	See how the tree forms gun? It sings "Chyahng!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
創	chuàng	4	to initiate	The sword takes the shape of to initiate, shouting "Chwahng!" sharply!
非	fēi	1	non—	The strokes unite to show non—, singing "Fay!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
排	pái	2	Row	When the line meets the hand, they form row, asking "Pigh? Line?" curiously!
罪	zuì	4	Guilt	This character represents guilt, shouting "Dzway!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
靠	kào	4	to lean on	A striking symbol for to lean on that shouts "Cow!" sharply!
侯	hóu	2	Marquis	With an arrow combined with a target, you get marquis - "Ho? Lord?" rings out curiously!
候	hòu	4	to wait	"Ho!" The marquis walking commanded sharply to wait - expecting the climate!
決	jué	2	to decide	"Jyueh, what are we determining?" Water and husband questioned deciding curiously!
快	kuài	4	fast	Like a heart, this character means fast and shouts "Kwigh!"!
筷	kuài	4	Chopsticks	See how the bamboo forms chopsticks? It shouts "Kwigh!" sharply!
韋	wéi	2	Tanned Hide	"Way, is this skin?" The soft leather questioned tanned hide curiously - processed!
圍	wéi	2	to surround	"Way, should we circle it?" The hide in an enclosure questioned surrounding curiously - corralling!
偉	wěi	3	great	See how the person forms great? It whispers "Way" softly - a vivid image to remember!
衛	wèi	4	to defend	"Way!" Marching with hide commanded sharply to defend - guard, protect with defense!
干	gān	1	to offend	The strokes unite to show to offend, singing "Gahn!" cheerfully!
岸	àn	4	Shore	The mountain takes the shape of shore, shouting "Ahn!" sharply!
幹	gàn	4	Trunk (like a tree)	The tree takes the shape of trunk (like a tree), shouting "Gahn!" sharply!
旱	hàn	4	Drought	Like a sun, this character means drought and shouts "Hahn!"!
趕	gǎn	3	to hurry	Picture to hurry taking form - it whispers "Gahn" with vivid energy!
于	yú	2	Yu	Picture yu taking form - it asks "Yoo? Surname?" with vivid energy!
宇	yǔ	3	Eaves	This character represents eaves, whispering "Yoo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
余	yú	2	moi	Picture moi taking form - it asks "Yoo? Me?" with vivid energy!
餘	yú	2	Excess	This character represents excess, asking "Yoo? Surplus?" curiously!
除	chú	2	to eliminate	"Choo, should we remove this?" The mound questioned elimination curiously - excluding and wiping out!
途	tú	2	Route	Like a path, this character means route and asks "Too? Way?"!
束	shù	4	to bundle up	With a tree combined with a mouth, you get to bundle up - "Shoo!" rings out sharply!
速	sù	4	quick	Picture quick taking form - it shouts "Soo!" with vivid energy!
辣	là	4	spicy hot	"Lah!" A bundle of peppers commanded sharp spicy heat - pungent and hot!
整	zhěng	3	entire	Picture entire taking form - it asks "Jung" with vivid energy!
練	liàn	4	to practice	"Lyen!" Thread from the east commanded sharply to practice - train, drill and perfect skill!
揀	jiǎn	3	to opt for	See how the hand forms to opt for? It whispers "Jyan" softly!
重	zhòng	4	heavy	Picture heavy taking form - it shouts "Jung!" with vivid energy!
懂	dǒng	3	to understand	See how the heart forms to understand? It whispers "Dohng" softly!
動	dòng	4	to move	"Dohng!" Heavy power commanded sharply to move - movement and action!
種	zhǒng	3	Species	This character represents species, whispering "Johng" softly!
衝	chōng	1	to collide	"Chohng!" Marching with heavy load, they sang cheerfully - colliding, dashing, rushing to charge!
病	bìng	4	Illness	The strokes unite to show illness, shouting "Bing!" sharply!
痛	tòng	4	to ache	"Tohng!" Sickness used its power sharply - to ache with pain and sorrow!
瘋	fēng	1	insane	The strokes unite to show insane, singing "Fung!" cheerfully!
匹	pī	1	to match	"Pee!" Box and legs sang cheerfully to match - one of a pair, equal!
區	qū	1	Region	See how the box forms region? It sings "Chyoo!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
樞	shū	1	Hub	The tree takes the shape of hub, singing "Shoo!" cheerfully!
歐	ōu	1	Europe	An striking symbol for europe that sings "Oh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
醫	yī	1	Physician	Picture physician taking form - it sings "Yee!" with vivid energy!
仰	yǎng	3	to look up to	The person takes the shape of to look up to, whispering "Yahng" softly!
迎	yíng	2	to greet	This character represents to greet, asking "Ying, welcome?" curiously!
登	dēng	1	to ascend	"Dung!" Ceremony beans sang cheerfully to ascend - scaling, climbing and mounting!
燈	dēng	1	Lamp	See how the fire forms lamp? It sings "Dung!" cheerfully with flickering flames dancing high!
證	zhèng	4	Evidence	An striking symbol for evidence that shouts "Jung!" sharply!
發	fā	1	to send out	This character represents to send out, singing "Fah!" cheerfully!
廢	fèi	4	to discard	Picture to discard taking form - it shouts "Fay!" with vivid energy!
形	xíng	2	Shape	This character represents shape, asking "Shing? Appearance?" curiously!
影	yǐng	3	Shadow	Like a sun, this character means shadow and whispers "Ying"!
彩	cǎi	3	Hue	See how the tree forms hue? It whispers "Tsigh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
須	xū	1	to have to	This character represents to have to, singing "Shyoo!" cheerfully!
珍	zhēn	1	rare	This character represents rare, singing "Jun!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
參	cān	1	to participate	"Tsahn!" Hairs and private parts sang cheerfully to participate - join, visit for ginseng!
慘	cǎn	3	wretched	See how the heart forms wretched? It whispers "Tsahn" softly!
修	xiū	1	to repair	"Shyo!" The person's shape sang cheerfully to repair - cultivate, study with discipline!
文	wén	2	Literature	The strokes unite to show literature, asking "Wuhn? Writing?" curiously!
蚊	wén	2	Mosquito	This character represents mosquito, asking "Wuhn? Biting?" curiously!
彥	yàn	4	erudite	Picture erudite taking form - it shouts "Yahn!" with vivid energy!
顏	yán	2	Countenance	This character represents countenance, asking "Yahn? Face?" curiously!
產	chǎn	3	Products	Picture products taking form - it whispers "Chahn" with vivid energy!
率	shuài	4	a Rate	Like a field, this character means a rate and shouts "Shwigh!"!
摔	shuāi	1	to tumble	"Shwigh!" Hand calculated the rate cheerfully - tumbling, falling, stumbling and tripping!
央	yāng	1	Center	A striking symbol for center that sings "Yahng!" cheerfully!
英	yīng	1	England	This character represents england, singing "Ying!" cheerfully!
巴	bā	1	Crust	See how the mouth forms crust? It sings "Bah!" cheerfully spoken through parted lips!
把	bǎ	3	to grasp	The hand stands for to grasp, whispering "Bah" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
爸	bà	4	Papa	The strokes unite to show papa, shouting "Bah!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
吧	bā	5	Bar	Like a mouth, this character means bar and calls "bah" spoken through parted lips!
色	sè	4	Color	The knife stands for color, shouting "Suh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
絕	jué	2	to discontinue	The thread stands for to discontinue, asking "Jyueh, should we break off?" curiously!
甘	gān	1	sweet	The tongue stands for sweet, singing "Gahn!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
某	mǒu	3	such and such	The tree stands for such and such, whispering "Moh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
其	qí	2	his-hers-its-theirs	Picture his-hers-its-theirs taking form - it asks "Chee? Whose?" with vivid energy!
期	qī	1	Period of Time	Like a moon, this character means period of time and sings "Chee!"!
基	jī	1	Base	The strokes unite to show base, singing "Jee!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
斯	sī	1	Sphinx	This character represents sphinx, singing "Suh!" cheerfully!
甚	shèn	4	tremendously	This character represents tremendously, shouting "Shun!" sharply!
貴	guì	4	expensive	Like a shellfish, this character means expensive and shouts "Gway!"!
遺	yí	2	to bequeath	"Yee, did we lose it?" The expensive item on the road was left behind - bequeathed and lost!
舞	wǔ	3	Dance	A striking symbol for dance that whispers "Woo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
無	wú	2	nothing	See how the fire forms nothing? It asks "Woo? Lacking?" curiously!
撫	fǔ	3	to comfort	See how the hand forms to comfort? It whispers "Foo" softly!
且	qiě	3	moreover	This character represents moreover, whispering "Chyeh" softly!
姐	jiě	3	Older Sister	An striking symbol for older sister that whispers "Jyeh" softly!
組	zǔ	3	Group	See how the thread forms group? It whispers "Dzoo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
祖	zǔ	3	Ancestor	The strokes unite to show ancestor, whispering "Dzoo" softly!
助	zhù	4	to assist	"Joo!" Moreover, power commanded sharply to assist and help!
並	bìng	4	side by side	This character represents side by side, shouting "Bing!" sharply!
普	pǔ	3	universal	The sun stands for universal, whispering "Poo" softly as sunlight streams across the sky!
業	yè	4	Profession	When the grass meets the tree, they form profession, shouting "Yeh!" sharply!
對	duì	4	that's right	This character represents that's right, shouting "Dway!" sharply!
共	gòng	4	together	The grass takes the shape of together, shouting "Gohng!" sharply!
供	gōng	1	Supply	The person stands for supply, singing "Gohng!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
異	yì	4	different	See how the field forms different? It shouts "Yee!" sharply!
巷	xiàng	4	Lane	Picture lane taking form - it shouts "Shyahng!" with vivid energy!
港	gǎng	3	Port	The water takes the shape of port, whispering "Gahng" softly!
選	xuǎn	3	to choose	A striking symbol for to choose that whispers "Shyuan" softly!
井	jǐng	3	a Well	An striking symbol for a well that whispers "Jing" softly - a vivid image to remember!
亞	yà	3	Asia	The mouth takes the shape of asia, whispering "Yah" softly spoken through parted lips!
惡	è	4	Evil	The heart takes the shape of evil, shouting "Uh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
角	jiǎo	3	Angle	See how the horn forms angle? It whispers "Jyao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
解	jiě	3	to untie	The knife takes the shape of to untie, whispering "Jyeh" softly!
嘴	zuǐ	3	Orifice	The mouth takes the shape of orifice, whispering "Dzway" softly!
再	zài	4	once more	"Dzigh!" One more helmet commanded sharply - once more, again, next time!
稱	chēng	1	to weigh	A striking symbol for to weigh that sings "Chung!" cheerfully!
講	jiǎng	3	to lecture	A striking symbol for to lecture that whispers "Jyahng" softly!
構	gòu	4	to frame	The tree takes the shape of to frame, shouting "Goh!" sharply!
扁	biǎn	3	flat	The door stands for flat, whispering "Byan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
篇	piān	1	Piece of Writing	See how the bamboo forms piece of writing? It sings "Pyan!" cheerfully!
編	biān	1	to compile	"Byan!" Flat threads sang cheerfully - time to compile, arrange, edit, knit a compilation!
論	lùn	4	Theory	A striking symbol for theory that shouts "Lwun!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
輪	lún	2	Wheel	A striking symbol for wheel that asks "Lwun? Revolve?" curiously!
典	diǎn	3	Canon	The strokes unite to show canon, whispering "Dyan" softly - a vivid image to remember!
氏	shì	4	Family Name	"Shir!" The clan line commanded sharply - stating the family name, the maiden name!
紙	zhǐ	3	Paper	The thread stands for paper, whispering "Jir" softly - a vivid image to remember!
昏	hūn	1	Dusk	"Hwun!" The sun set on the family name cheerfully - dusk, nightfall, twilight turning dark!
婚	hūn	1	Marriage	The strokes unite to show marriage, singing "Hwun!" cheerfully!
低	dī	1	low	The person stands for low, singing "Dee!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
底	dǐ	3	Bottom	A striking symbol for bottom that whispers "Dee" softly - a vivid image to remember!
民	mín	2	People	The people takes the shape of people, asking "Min? Citizen?" curiously!
眠	mián	2	the Slumber	"Myan, are you sleeping?" The people's eyes questioned slumber curiously - time to rest!
甫	fǔ	3	Fu3	The field takes the shape of fu3, whispering "Foo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
補	bǔ	3	to patch	Picture to patch taking form - it whispers "Boo" with vivid energy!
博	bó	2	knowledgeable	Picture knowledgeable taking form - it asks "Bwo? Extensive?" with vivid energy!
搏	bó	2	to wrestle	"Bwo, should we fight?" The knowledgeable hand questioned wrestling curiously - ready to combat and seize!
都	dū	1	Metropolis	Picture metropolis taking form - it sings "Doh!" with vivid energy!
部	bù	4	Department	A striking symbol for department that shouts "Boo!" sharply!
郎	láng	2	Young Man	This character represents young man, asking "Lahng, is that the youth?" curiously!
鄉	xiāng	1	Countryside	This character represents countryside, singing "Shyahng!" cheerfully!
響	xiǎng	3	an Echo	An striking symbol for an echo that whispers "Shyahng" softly!
段	duàn	4	Section	A striking symbol for section that shouts "Dwahn!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
鍛	duàn	4	to forge	"Dwahn!" Metal sections commanded sharply to forge - tempering what was wrought!
幻	huàn	4	unreal	This character represents unreal, shouting "Hwahn!" sharply!
司	sī	1	to take charge of	See how the mouth forms to take charge of? It sings "Suh!" cheerfully!
詞	cí	2	Word	The strokes unite to show word, asking "Tsuh? Phrase?" curiously!
舟	zhōu	1	Boat	This character represents boat, singing "Joh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
船	chuán	2	Ship	The strokes unite to show ship, asking "Chwahn? Vessel?" curiously!
般	bān	1	the Sort	"Bahn!" Two boats sang cheerfully - one sort, kind, class of carrier!
盤	pán	2	Tray	A striking symbol for tray that asks "Pahn? Plate?" curiously!
搬	bān	1	to relocate	"Bahn!" The hand sorted things cheerfully to relocate - moving, shifting, transferring like a conveyor!
瓜	guā	1	Melon	Picture melon taking form - it sings "Gwah!" with vivid energy!
孤	gū	1	Orphan	The strokes unite to show orphan, singing "Goo!" cheerfully!
益	yì	4	a Benefit	The water stands for a benefit, shouting "Yee!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
假	jià	4	Vacation	Like a person, this character means vacation and shouts "Jyah!"!
蝦	xiā	2	Shrimp	Like a shellfish, this character means shrimp and asks "Shyah? Prawn?"!
氣	qì	4	Air	An striking symbol for air that shouts "Chee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
汽	qì	4	Vapor	The water stands for vapor, shouting "Chee!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
飛	fēi	1	to fly	"Fay!" Wings soared cheerfully - time to fly, going airborne!
面	miàn	4	face-to-face	A striking symbol for face-to-face that shouts "Myan!" sharply!
麵	miàn	4	Noodles	A striking symbol for noodles that shouts "Myan!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
革	gé	2	Leather	Picture leather taking form - it asks "Guh? Skin?" with vivid energy!
鞋	xié	2	Shoes	Like soil, this character means shoes and asks "Shyeh? Footwear?"!
馨	xīn	1	fragrant	The strokes unite to show fragrant, singing "Shin!" cheerfully!
聲	shēng	1	Voice	The ear stands for voice, singing "Shung!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
吳	wú	2	Wu	See how the mouth forms wu? It asks "Woo? Jiangsu?" curiously!
娛	yú	2	Amusement	An striking symbol for amusement that asks "Yoo? Pleasure?" curiously!
誤	wù	4	Error	This character represents error, shouting "Woo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
承	chéng	2	to undertake	"Chung, can you bear it?" Hands questioned receiving curiously - ready to undertake and take charge!
蒸	zhēng	1	to steam	"Jung!" Flowers undertook cooking cheerfully - time to steam with vapor!
牙	yá	2	Tooth	Like a tooth, this character means tooth and asks "Yah? Ivory?"!
穿	chuān	1	to pass through	Like a tooth, this character means to pass through and sings "Chwahn!"!
呀	ya	5	wow!	Picture a mouth beside a tooth: that's wow!, calling out "yah"!
釋	shì	4	to explain	"Shir!" Rice and metal commanded sharply to explain - elucidating and interpreting the explanation!
番	fān	1	a Try	The field stands for a try, singing "Fahn!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
翻	fān	1	to turn over	A striking symbol for to turn over that sings "Fahn!" cheerfully!
播	bō	1	to broadcast	See how the hand forms to broadcast? It sings "Bwo!" cheerfully!
毛	máo	2	Fur	A striking symbol for fur that asks "Mao? Fluffy?" curiously!
尾	wěi	3	Tail	The body stands for tail, whispering "Way" softly - a vivid image to remember!
宅	zhái	2	a Dwelling	Like a roof, this character means a dwelling and asks "Jigh? Residence?"!
託	tuō	1	to entrust	"Twoh!" Words about dwelling sang cheerfully - ready to entrust, rely and consign!
為	wèi	4	to act	"Way!" Claws and elephant commanded sharply to act - do, handle and govern!
偽	wěi	3	bogus	Like a person, this character means bogus and whispers "Way"!
長	cháng	2	long	The strokes unite to show long, asking "Chahng? Forever?" curiously!
張	zhāng	1	to stretch	"Jahng!" The long bow sang cheerfully to stretch - extending, expanding and lengthening!
漲	zhàng	4	to swell	"Jahng!" Water stretched sharply - time to swell, inflate and rise in price!
套	tào	4	a Cover	An striking symbol for a cover that shouts "Tao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
髮	fà	3	Hair of the Head	The strokes unite to show hair of the head, whispering "Fah" softly!
展	zhǎn	3	to unfold	Like a body, this character means to unfold and whispers "Jahn"!
喪	sàng	4	Funeral	Like a mouth, this character means funeral and shouts "Sahng!"!
雁	yàn	4	Wild Goose	"Yahn!" The bird at the funeral commanded sharply - a wild goose honking!
應	yīng	1	ought to	See how the heart forms ought to? It sings "Ying!" cheerfully!
鳥	niǎo	3	Bird	The strokes unite to show bird, whispering "Nyao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
鷹	yīng	1	Hawk	"Ying!" The bird ought to sing cheerfully - a hawk, falcon or eagle!
鴨	yā	1	Duck	A striking symbol for duck that sings "Yah!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
島	dǎo	3	Island	See how the mountain forms island? It whispers "Dao" softly!
遇	yù	4	to encounter	"Yoo!" A bird on the road commanded sharply - time to encounter, meet for an interview!
萬	wàn	4	ten thousand	The strokes unite to show ten thousand, shouting "Wahn!" sharply!
邁	mài	4	to stride	Picture to stride taking form - it shouts "Migh!" with vivid energy!
岡	gāng	1	Ridge of a Hill	The mountain stands for ridge of a hill, singing "Gahng!" cheerfully!
剛	gāng	1	just now	"Gahng!" The ridge and sword sang cheerfully - just now, hard, firm, tough and sturdy!
缺	quē	1	deficient	Picture deficient taking form - it sings "Chyueh!" with vivid energy!
寶	bǎo	3	Treasure	The shellfish takes the shape of treasure, whispering "Bao" softly!
遙	yáo	2	remote	A striking symbol for remote that asks "Yao? Far away?" curiously!
搖	yáo	2	to shake	"Yao, should we rock it?" The remote hand questioned shaking curiously - time to swing!
兔	tù	4	Rabbit	This character represents rabbit, shouting "Too!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
逸	yì	4	to flee	"Yee!" The rabbit on the road commanded sharply to flee - escape, elude and break loose!
免	miǎn	3	to avoid	This character represents to avoid, whispering "Myan" softly!
晚	wǎn	3	Nightfall	The sun takes the shape of nightfall, whispering "Wahn" softly!
象	xiàng	4	Elephant	Picture elephant taking form - it shouts "Shyahng!" with vivid energy!
像	xiàng	4	Likeness	The person stands for likeness, shouting "Shyahng!" sharply!
馬	mǎ	3	Horse	Picture horse taking form - it whispers "Mah" with vivid energy!
媽	mā	1	Mama	Picture mama taking form - it sings "Mah!" with vivid energy!
罵	mà	4	to scold	"Mah!" The net trapped the horse sharply - time to scold, curse, blame and insult!
嗎	ma	5	yes or no	Like a mouth, this character means yes or no and asks "mah"!
驗	yàn	4	to check	"Yahn!" The erudite horse commanded sharply to check - test, examine, inspect for verification!
騎	qí	2	to ride	"Chee, are we astride?" The horse tool questioned riding curiously - equestrian!
驚	jīng	1	startled	The strokes unite to show startled, singing "Jing!" cheerfully!
虎	hǔ	3	Tiger	Picture tiger taking form - it whispers "Hoo" with vivid energy!
慮	lǜ	4	to ponder	"Lyoo!" The tiger heart commanded sharply to ponder - worry with prudence!
處	chù	4	Location	The strokes unite to show location, shouting "Choo!" sharply!
戲	xì	4	to frolic	"Shee!" Tiger play commanded sharply to frolic - a theatrical show!
劇	jù	4	Drama	The sword takes the shape of drama, shouting "Jyoo!" sharply!
據	jù	4	Certificate	See how the hand forms certificate? It shouts "Jyoo!" sharply!
鹿	lù	4	Deer	The strokes unite to show deer, shouting "Loo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
塵	chén	2	Dust	The earth takes the shape of dust, asking "Chun? Ashes?" curiously!
麗	lì	4	lovely	A striking symbol for lovely that shouts "Lee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
熊	xióng	2	Bear	Like fire, this character means bear and asks "Shyohng? Powerful?"!
能	néng	2	Ability	The moon and meat unite to create ability, asking "Nung? Capable?" curiously!
態	tài	4	Attitude	See how the heart forms attitude? It shouts "Tigh!" sharply!
寅	yín	2	Sign Of The Tiger	The roof takes the shape of sign of the tiger, asking "Yin? 3am-5am?" curiously!
演	yǎn	3	to perform	The water stands for to perform, whispering "Yahn" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
辰	chén	2	Sign Of The Dragon	Picture sign of the dragon taking form - it shouts "Chun?" with vivid energy!
晨	chén	2	Morning	"Chun, is it dawn?" The sun and dragon sign questioned morning curiously - daybreak, the morrow!
農	nóng	2	Agriculture	The strokes unite to show agriculture, asking "Nohng? Farming?" curiously!
濃	nóng	2	concentrated	See how the water forms concentrated? It asks "Nohng? Thick?" curiously!
送	sòng	4	to deliver	"Sohng!" The road commanded to give sharply - see off, send and dispatch for delivery!
鬼	guǐ	3	Ghost	Picture ghost taking form - it asks "Gway" with vivid energy!
魔	mó	2	Demon	The strokes unite to show demon, asking "Mwo? Devil?" curiously!
塊	kuài	4	Lump	A striking symbol for lump that shouts "Kwigh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
龍	lóng	2	Dragon	A striking symbol for dragon that asks "Lohng? Imperial?" curiously!
襲	xí	2	to raid	This character represents to raid, asking "Shee, should we attack?" curiously!
兒	ér	2	Youngster	The strokes unite to show youngster, asking "Urr? Son?" curiously!
舊	jiù	4	old	The strokes unite to show old, shouting "Jyo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
寫	xiě	3	to write	A striking symbol for to write that whispers "Shyeh" softly!
瀉	xiè	4	Diarrhea	See how the water forms diarrhea? It shouts "Shyeh!" sharply!
兩	liǎng	3	dos	A striking symbol for dos that whispers "Lyahng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
倆	liǎ	3	Duo	The person stands for duo, whispering "Lyah" softly - a vivid image to remember!
滿	mǎn	3	full	The water stands for full, whispering "Mahn" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
爾	ěr	3	you  [literary]	The strokes unite to show you [literary], whispering "Urr" softly!
彌	mí	2	to fill	"Mee, is it full?" The bow questioned filling you curiously - more and more!
虛	xū	1	false	This character represents false, singing "Shyoo!" cheerfully!
聯	lián	2	to unite	"Lyan, should we join?" The ear questioned connection curiously - to unite as allies strung together!
關	guān	1	to shut	"Gwahn!" The gate united cheerfully - time to shut, close, turn off the connection!
那	nà	4	that	This character represents that, shouting "Nah!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
哪	nǎ	3	which?	Like a mouth, this character means which? and whispers "Nah"!
巫	wū	1	Witch	See how the person forms witch? It sings "Woo!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
靈	líng	2	Spirit	The rain stands for spirit, asking "Ling? Soul?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
縣	xiàn	4	County	When the thread meets the eye, they form county, shouting "Shyan!" sharply!
懸	xuán	2	to suspend	The heart stands for to suspend, asking "Shyuan, is it hanging?" curiously!
與	yǔ	3	to offer	A striking symbol for to offer that whispers "Yoo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
舉	jǔ	3	to lift up	This character represents to lift up, whispering "Jyoo" softly!
腦	nǎo	3	Brain	The body takes the shape of brain, whispering "Nao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
惱	nǎo	3	Annoyed	Like a heart, this character means annoyed and whispers "Nao"!
專	zhuān	1	Specialty	A striking symbol for specialty that sings "Jwahn!" cheerfully!
傳	chuán	2	to spread	"Chwahn, will it infect?" The person's specialty questioned spreading curiously - transmit and conduct!
轉	zhuàn	4	to rotate	"Jwahn!" The car with specialty commanded sharply to rotate - revolve, turn in a circle!
團	tuán	2	Troupe	This character represents troupe, asking "Twahn? Regiment?" curiously!
黃	huáng	2	yellow	Picture yellow taking form - it shouts "Hwahng? Golden?" with vivid energy!
廣	guǎng	3	extensive	Picture extensive taking form - it shouts "Gwahng" with vivid energy!
橫	héng	4	horizontal	The tree takes the shape of horizontal, shouting "Hung!" sharply!
窗	chuāng	1	Window	The window stands for window, singing "Chwahng!" cheerfully!
總	zǒng	3	general	The thread stands for general, whispering "Dzohng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
詹	zhān	1	verbose	Picture verbose taking form - it sings "Jahn!" with vivid energy!
擔	dàn	4	to assume	"Dahn!" The verbose hand commanded sharply to assume - carry, bear, undertake shouldering!
數	shù	4	Number	The strokes unite to show number, shouting "Shoo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
樓	lóu	2	Multistory Building	"Loh, how many floors?" The tree questioned numbers curiously - a multistory building, a watchtower!
獨	dú	2	alone	The strokes unite to show alone, singing "Doo? Single?" cheerfully!
屬	shǔ	3	to belong to	The body takes the shape of to belong to, whispering "Shoo" softly!
爛	làn	4	spoiled	The fire stands for spoiled, shouting "Lahn!" sharply with flickering flames dancing high!
蘭	lán	2	Orchid	This character represents orchid, asking "Lahn? Elegant?" curiously!
從	cóng	2	to follow	"Tsohng, should we obey?" Person questioned person curiously - time to follow and accompany!
縱	zòng	4	vertical	See how the thread forms vertical? It shouts "Dzohng!" sharply!
齊	qí	2	identical	An striking symbol for identical that asks "Chee? Equal?" curiously!
濟	jì	4	to relieve	"Jee!" Identical water commanded sharply to relieve - help, aid and finish!
丑	chǒu	3	Clown	Picture clown taking form - it whispers "Choh" with vivid energy!
扭	niǔ	3	to twist	Like a hand, this character means to twist and whispers "Nyoh"!
卑	bēi	1	lowly	A striking symbol for lowly that sings "Bay!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
牌	pái	2	a Brand	The strokes unite to show a brand, asking "Pigh? Signboard?" curiously!
號	hào	4	Appellation	See how the mouth forms appellation? It shouts "Hao!" sharply!
怪	guài	4	peculiar	The heart stands for peculiar, shouting "Gwigh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
赤	chì	4	crimson	Like fire, this character means crimson and shouts "Chir!"!
亦	yì	4	likewise	This character represents likewise, shouting "Yee!" sharply!
極	jí	2	Extreme	Like a tree, this character means extreme and asks "Jee? Utmost?"!
雜	zá	2	miscellaneous	This character represents miscellaneous, asking "Dzah? Mixed?" curiously!
曰	yuē	1	sayeth	The mouth stands for sayeth, singing "Yueh!" cheerfully spoken through parted lips!
亂	luàn	4	Chaos	This character represents chaos, shouting "Lwahn!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
叭	bā	1	trumpet	Picture a horn beside a mouth: that's trumpet, singing "Bah!" cheerfully!
咕	gū	1	mutter	See how the mouth forms mutter? It sings "Goo!" cheerfully spoken through parted lips!
咱	zán	2	we (inclusive)	"Dzahn, are we together?" The mouth questioned ownership curiously - we inclusive, us all!
串	chuàn	4	string together	The skewers stand for string together, shouting "Chwahn!" sharply!
罩	zhào	4	overspread	An striking symbol for overspread that shouts "Jao!" sharply!
囂	xiāo	1	hubbub	The strokes unite to show hubbub, singing "Shyao!" cheerfully!
顛	diān	1	invert	This character represents invert, singing "Dyan!" cheerfully!
叨	dāo	1	talkative	Picture a knife beside a mouth: that's talkative, singing "Dao!" cheerfully!
刮	guā	1	scrape	Picture a knife beside a tongue: that's scrape, singing "Gwah!" cheerfully!
盯	dīng	1	stare at	"Ding!" The eye like a nail sang cheerfully - staring at something, gazing fixedly!
呵	ā	1	rebuke	Like a mouth, this character means rebuke and sings "Ah!" spoken through parted lips!
姦	jiān	1	adultery	An striking symbol for adultery that sings "Jyan!" cheerfully!
嬰	yīng	1	baby	The strokes unite to show baby, singing "Ying!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
姑	gū	1	father's sister	This character represents father's sister, singing "Goo!" cheerfully!
姆	mǔ	3	nanny	Picture nanny taking form - it whispers "Moo" with vivid energy!
兢	jīng	1	cautious	This character represents cautious, singing "Jing!" cheerfully!
碩	shuò	4	big	The stone stands for big, shouting "Shwoh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
砌	qì	4	lay brick	"Chee!" Stone together commanded sharply - lay brick for building a wall!
哨	shào	4	whistle	See how the mouth forms whistle? It shouts "Shao!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
晃	huàng	4	sway	The sun takes the shape of sway, shouting "Hwahng!" sharply!
泊	bó	2	moor	The white and water unite to create moor, asking "Bwo? Anchor?" curiously!
汰	tài	4	get rid of	The water takes the shape of get rid of, shouting "Tigh!" sharply!
沾	zhān	1	soak	The water takes the shape of soak, singing "Jahn!" cheerfully!
渺	miǎo	3	insignificant	Picture water beside an eye: that's insignificant, whispering "Myao" softly!
腺	xiàn	4	gland	The body stands for gland, shouting "Shyan!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
坦	tǎn	3	level	See how the earth forms level? It whispers "Tahn" softly - a vivid image to remember!
娃	wá	2	newborn	This character represents newborn, asking "Wah? Baby?" curiously!
涯	yá	2	bank	See how the water forms bank? It asks "Yah? Riverbank?" curiously!
吋	cùn	4	inch	See how the mouth forms inch? It shouts "Tsoon!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
肘	zhǒu	3	elbow	See how the body forms elbow? It whispers "Joh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
灼	zhuó	2	scorch	The fire stands for scorch, asking "Jwoh? Burn?" curiously with flickering flames dancing high!
炒	chǎo	3	stir-fry	See how the fire forms stir-fry? It sings "Chao" cheerfully!
澆	jiāo	1	sprinkle	See how the water forms sprinkle? It sings "Jyao!" cheerfully!
哩	lǐ	3	mile	The mouth takes the shape of mile, whispering "Lee" softly spoken through parted lips!
鯉	lǐ	3	carp	Picture carp taking form - it whispers "Lee" with vivid energy!
嘿	hēi	1	Hey!	The mouth stands for hey!, singing "Hay!" cheerfully spoken through parted lips!
丹	dān	1	cinnabar red	This character represents cinnabar red, singing "Dahn!" cheerfully!
喧	xuān	1	boisterous	The mouth stands for boisterous, singing "Shyuan!" cheerfully!
賓	bīn	1	visitor	The shellfish and roof unite to create visitor, singing "Bin!" cheerfully!
濱	bīn	1	water's edge	The water takes the shape of water's edge, singing "Bin!" cheerfully!
寡	guǎ	3	widowed	The strokes unite to show widowed, whispering "Gwah" softly!
棚	péng	2	shed	Picture a tree beside a shelter: that's shed, asking "Pung? Shelter?" curiously!
柏	bǎi	3	cypress	Picture a tree beside a white: that's cypress, whispering "Bigh" softly!
槓	gàng	4	thick stick	"Gahng!" Tree and work commanded sharply - a thick stick, pole or bar!
朵	duǒ	3	flouds	A striking symbol for flouds that whispers "Dwoh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
杜	dù	4	prevent	The earth and tree unite to create prevent, shouting "Doo!" sharply!
桂	guì	4	cassia-bark tree	Like a tree, this character means cassia-bark tree and shouts "Gway!"!
椅	yǐ	3	chair	The tree stands for chair, whispering "Yee" softly - a vivid image to remember!
杰	jié	2	hero	The tree stands for hero, asking "Jyeh? Exceptional?" curiously!
櫻	yīng	1	cherry	See how the tree forms cherry? It sings "Ying!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
梢	shāo	1	treetops	The tree takes the shape of treetops, singing "Shao!" cheerfully!
桐	tóng	2	paulownia	With a tree combined with a wood, you get paulownia - "Tohng? Lumber?" rings out curiously!
宋	sòng	4	Song (like the dynasty)	See how the wood forms song (like the dynasty)? It shouts "Sohng!" sharply!
淋	lín	2	drench	With rain combined with water, you get drench - "Lin? Soak?" rings out curiously!
焚	fén	2	burn	Like fire, this character means burn and asks "Fen? Blaze?"!
昧	mèi	4	obscure	See how the sun forms obscure? It shouts "May!" sharply as sunlight streams across the sky!
朱	zhū	1	vermillion	With a tree combined with a dot, you get vermillion - "Joo!" rings out cheerfully!
株	zhū	1	tree trunk	"Joo!" Vermillion tree sang cheerfully - the tree trunk, stem or stump!
樑	liáng	2	roof beam	"Lyahng, is it supporting?" Good tree questioned curiously - a roof beam or rafter!
碟	dié	2	saucer	"Dyeh, is it a plate?" Stone family tree questioned curiously - a saucer, flying saucer dish!
萌	méng	2	bud	Picture bud taking form - it asks "Mung? Sprout?" with vivid energy!
苛	kē	1	exacting	Picture exacting taking form - it sings "Kuh!" with vivid energy!
膜	mó	2	membrane	See how the body forms membrane? It asks "Mwo? Thin layer?" curiously!
寞	mò	4	solitary	Picture solitary taking form - it shouts "Mwo!" with vivid energy!
暮	mù	4	sunset	See how the sun forms sunset? It shouts "Moo!" sharply as sunlight streams across the sky!
燃	rán	2	ignite	See how the fire forms ignite? It asks "Rahn? Kindle?" curiously!
咒	zhòu	4	curse	See how the mouth forms curse? It shouts "Joh!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
獸	shòu	4	beast	The mouth stands for beast, shouting "Shoh!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
狸	lí	2	raccoon dog	"Lee, is that a tanuki?" The inside of the dog questioned raccoon curiously - fox-like!
嗅	xiù	4	sniff	The mouth stands for sniff, shouting "Shyo!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
牡	mǔ	3	dude	Like soil, this character means dude and whispers "Moo" - a vivid image to remember!
牢	láo	2	jail	See how the roof forms jail? It asks "Lao? Prison?" curiously!
贊	zàn	4	succor	The shellfish stands for succor, shouting "Dzahn!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
舍	shè	4	abode	When the tongue meets the roof, they form abode, shouting "Shuh!" sharply!
啥	shá	2	wha?	The mouth stands for wha?, asking "Shah? What?" curiously spoken through parted lips!
洽	qià	4	in agreement	"Chyah!" Water fit commanded sharply - in agreement, harmonious accord!
旺	wàng	4	thriving	The sun takes the shape of thriving, shouting "Wahng!" sharply!
碧	bì	4	green jade	The stone stands for green jade, shouting "Bee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
汪	wāng	1	tearful	See how the water forms tearful? It sings "Wahng!" cheerfully!
枉	wǎng	3	crooked	The tree takes the shape of crooked, whispering "Wahng" softly!
珠	zhū	1	pearl	Picture pearl taking form - it sings "Joo!" with vivid energy!
噩	è	4	shocking	A striking symbol for shocking that shouts "Uh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
鱷	è	4	crocodile	Picture crocodile taking form - it shouts "Uh!" with vivid energy!
鬥	dòu	4	fight	This character represents fight, shouting "Doh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
栓	shuān	1	plug	The tree takes the shape of plug, singing "Shwahn!" cheerfully!
柱	zhù	4	pillar	The tree stands for pillar, shouting "Joo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
鉤	gōu	1	hook	When the hook meets the metal, they form hook, singing "Goh!" cheerfully!
鈔	chāo	1	paper money	"Chao!" Few pieces of metal sang cheerfully - paper money, banknotes, currency!
銷	xiāo	1	put up for sale	The metal stands for put up for sale, singing "Shyao!" cheerfully!
鎖	suǒ	3	lock	The metal stands for lock, whispering "Swoh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
鑽	zuān	1	drill	See how the metal forms drill? It sings "Dzwahn!" cheerfully!
迫	pò	4	compel	The white takes the shape of compel, shouting "Pwoh!" sharply!
逼	bī	1	press	Picture press taking form - it sings "Bee!" with vivid energy!
逃	táo	2	escape	An striking symbol for escape that asks "Tao? Flee?" curiously!
逞	chěng	3	flaunt	The strokes unite to show flaunt, whispering "Chung" softly!
轟	hōng	1	rumble	The strokes unite to show rumble, singing "Hohng!" cheerfully!
軌	guǐ	3	rails	The strokes unite to show rails, whispering "Gway" softly - a vivid image to remember!
軋	yà	4	flatten	Picture flatten taking form - it shouts "Yah!" with vivid energy!
輻	fú	2	spokes	This character represents spokes, asking "Foo? Radiating?" curiously!
煎	jiān	1	sauté	See how the fire forms sauté? It sings "Jyan!" cheerfully with flickering flames dancing high!
喻	yù	4	figure of speech	Like a mouth, this character means figure of speech and shouts "Yoo!"!
榆	yú	2	elm	The tree takes the shape of elm, asking "Yoo? Timber?" curiously!
略	lüè	4	abbreviation	The field stands for abbreviation, shouting "Lyueh!" sharply!
暈	yūn	1	dizzy	See how the sun forms dizzy? It sings "Yoon!" cheerfully as sunlight streams across the sky!
渾	hún	2	muddled	The water takes the shape of muddled, asking "Hwun? Batter?" curiously!
膏	gāo	1	ointment	"Gao!" The Eiffel tower of flesh sang cheerfully - ointment, salve or cream!
亨	hēng	1	go smoothly	"Hung!" High lid sang cheerfully - to go smoothly, prosperous and unobstructed!
哼	hēng	1	hum	Like a mouth, this character means hum and sings "Hung!" spoken through parted lips!
淳	chún	2	honest	The water stands for honest, asking "Chwun? Sincere?" curiously!
鯨	jīng	1	whale	A striking symbol for whale that sings "Jing!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
贖	shú	2	redeem	See how the shellfish forms redeem? It asks "Shoo? Atone?" curiously!
晝	zhòu	4	daylight	Picture daylight taking form - it shouts "Joh!" with vivid energy!
津	jīn	1	Tianjin	Like water, this character means tianjin and sings "Jin!" like ripples spreading across a pond!
釐	lí	2	smidgen	The strokes unite to show smidgen, asking "Lee? Tiny?" curiously!
枚	méi	2	small objects	"May, how many items?" The tree questioned the taskmaster curiously - small objects, a classifier!
牧	mù	4	herd	This character represents herd, shouting "Moo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
玫	méi	2	rose	Picture rose taking form - it asks "May? Flower?" with vivid energy!
敦	dūn	1	candid	Picture candid taking form - it sings "Dwun!" with vivid energy!
諾	nuò	4	promise	A striking symbol for promise that shouts "Nwoh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
謂	wèi	4	meaning	A striking symbol for meaning that shouts "Way!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
詢	xún	2	inquire	The strokes unite to show inquire, asking "Shyoon? Ask?" curiously!
罰	fá	2	penalize	This character represents penalize, asking "Fah? Fine?" curiously!
訂	dìng	4	place an order	The nail takes the shape of place an order, shouting "Ding!" sharply!
詠	yǒng	3	chant	Picture chant taking form - it sings "Yohng" with vivid energy!
諜	dié	2	espionage	See how the tree forms espionage? It asks "Dyeh, is that a spy?" curiously!
註	zhù	4	annotate	The strokes unite to show annotate, shouting "Joo!" sharply!
諒	liàng	4	forgive	"Lyahng!" Words about roof beam commanded sharply - forgiveness, excuse and pardon!
讚	zàn	4	praise	"Dzahn!" Words with two shellfish commanded sharply - praise, compliments and likes!
貳	èr	4	II	II two shellfish commands sharply "Urr!" - number two formal!
膩	nì	4	sick and tired of	Like a body, this character means sick and tired of and shouts "Nee!"!
洩	xiè	4	discharge	Like water, this character means discharge and shouts "Shyeh!"!
划	huá	2	paddle	With a knife combined with a stroke, you get paddle - "Hwah? Row?" rings out curiously!
嘎	gá	2	caw	The mouth takes the shape of caw, asking "Gah? What doing?" curiously!
域	yù	4	domain	Like soil, this character means domain and shouts "Yoo!" - a vivid image to remember!
栽	zāi	1	sow	The strokes unite to show sow, singing "Dzigh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
戚	qī	1	kin	Picture kin taking form - it sings "Chee!" with vivid energy!
蔑	miè	4	despise	The strokes unite to show despise, shouting "Myeh!" sharply!
喊	hǎn	3	yell	The mouth stands for yell, shouting "Hahn" sharply spoken through parted lips!
濺	jiàn	4	splatter	The water stands for splatter, shouting "Jyan!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
址	zhǐ	3	address	The soil takes the shape of address, whispering "Jir" softly!
澀	sè	4	astringent	The water stands for astringent, shouting "Suh!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
蘋	píng	2	apple	An striking symbol for apple that asks "Ping? Fruit?" curiously!
赴	fù	4	go to	A striking symbol for go to that shouts "Foo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
趟	tàng	4	trip	A striking symbol for trip that shouts "Tahng!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
堤	tí	2	dike	"Tee, is this a dam?" Soil questioned being curiously - a dike, embankment or levee!
鍵	jiàn	4	keyboard keys	"Jyan!" Metal building commanded sharply - keyboard keys, buttons for typing!
婿	xù	4	son-in-law	The moon takes the shape of son-in-law, shouting "Shyoo!" sharply!
裁	cái	2	tailor	This character represents tailor, asking "Tsigh? Cut?" curiously!
襪	wà	4	socks	See how the foot forms socks? It shouts "Wah!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
滾	gǔn	3	trundle	See how the water forms trundle? It whispers "Gwun" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
衰	shuāi	1	decline	"Shwigh!" Grief and walking stick sang cheerfully - decline, weakening and deteriorating!
衷	zhōng	1	innermost feelings	When the stick meets the heart, they form innermost feelings, singing "Johng!" cheerfully!
禪	chán	2	meditation	A striking symbol for meditation that sings "Chahn? Zen?" cheerfully!
猿	yuán	2	ape	This character represents ape, asking "Yuan? Primate?" curiously!
吊	diào	4	dangle	Like a mouth, this character means dangle and shouts "Dyao!"!
帕	pà	4	handkerchief	Like a white, this character means handkerchief and shouts "Pah!"!
帖	tiē	1	note	"Tyeh!" Towel for fortune-telling sang cheerfully - a note, memo or invitation!
帆	fān	2	sail	The strokes unite to show sail, asking "Fahn? Catching breeze?" curiously!
幅	fú	2	width of cloth	A striking symbol for width of cloth that asks "Foo? Measure?" curiously!
錦	jǐn	3	brocade	Picture a white beside metal: that's brocade, whispering "Jin" softly!
沛	pèi	4	copious	Like water, this character means copious and shouts "Pay!"!
柿	shì	4	persimmon	Like a tree, this character means persimmon and shouts "Shir!"!
鬧	nào	4	stir up trouble	See how the gate forms stir up trouble? It shouts "Nao!" sharply!
棘	jí	2	thorn bushes	"Jee, is it prickly?" Two thorns questioned curiously - thorn bushes and brambles!
棗	zǎo	3	jujube	Picture jujube taking form - it whispers "Dzao" with vivid energy!
蕾	lěi	3	flower bud	The strokes unite to show flower bud, whispering "Lay" softly!
吞	tūn	1	gulp down	"Twun!" The mouth swallowed cheerfully - gulp down and devour!
妖	yāo	1	bewitching	"Yao!" The woman died young cheerfully - bewitching, an enchanting demon!
沃	wò	4	fertile	"Woh!" Water made dying young sharp - fertile, productive rich soil!
轎	jiào	4	sedan chair	"Jyao!" Tall car commanded sharply - a sedan chair, palanquin or carriage!
垃	lā	1	garbage	See how the soil forms garbage? It sings "Lah!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
啼	tí	2	weep aloud	"Tee, why cry?" The sovereign mouth questioned weeping aloud curiously - rooster crow and wail!
蒂	dì	4	fruit stem	"Dee!" Sovereign flowers commanded sharply - fruit stem, plant base, clitoris!
滴	dī	1	drip	The water stands for drip, singing "Dee!" cheerfully like ripples spreading across a pond!
頃	qǐng	3	100 Chinese acres	Picture 100 chinese acres taking form - it whispers "Ching" with vivid energy!
匙	chí	2	spoon	The box stands for spoon, asking "Chir? Utensil?" curiously!
乖	guāi	1	well-behaved	A striking symbol for well-behaved that sings "Gwigh!" cheerfully!
乘	chéng	2	hitch a ride	The wood stands for hitch a ride, asking "Chung? Board?" curiously!
剩	shèng	4	leftover	See how the sword forms leftover? It shouts "Shung!" sharply!
棍	gùn	4	club	The tree and stick unite to create club, shouting "Gwun!" sharply!
諧	xié	2	in accord	An striking symbol for in accord that asks "Shyeh? Harmony?" curiously!
柴	chái	2	firewood	The tree and wood unite to create firewood, asking "Chigh? Kindling?" curiously!
敏	mǐn	3	quick-witted	The strokes unite to show quick-witted, asking "Min" curiously!
霉	méi	2	mildew	Picture mildew taking form - it asks "May? Mold?" with vivid energy!
迄	qì	4	so far	"Chee!" The road to beg commanded sharply - so far, until now!
砍	kǎn	3	chop	The stone takes the shape of chop, whispering "Kahn" softly!
坎	kǎn	3	hump	The soil stands for hump, whispering "Kahn" softly - a vivid image to remember!
炊	chuī	1	cook	See how the fire forms cook? It sings "Chway!" cheerfully with flickering flames dancing high!
欽	qīn	1	think highly of	The gold stands for think highly of, singing "Chin!" cheerfully!
剖	pōu	1	cut open	"Poh!" Dividing with a sword sang cheerfully - cut open, dissect and split!
菩	pú	2	bodhisattva	The heart stands for bodhisattva, asking "Poo? Enlightened?" curiously!
芒	máng	2	mango	The strokes unite to show mango, asking "Mahng? Fruit?" curiously!
荒	huāng	1	wasteland	See how the river forms wasteland? It sings "Hwahng!" cheerfully!
謊	huǎng	3	lie	This character represents lie, whispering "Hwahng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
茫	máng	2	boundless	When the people meets the water, they form boundless, asking "Mahng? Vast?" curiously!
贏	yíng	2	win	See how the shellfish forms win? It asks "Ying? Victory?" curiously!
訊	xùn	4	interrogate	The strokes unite to show interrogate, shouting "Shyoon!" sharply!
坊	fáng	2	workshop	See how the soil forms workshop? It asks "Fahng? Workplace?" curiously!
芳	fāng	1	aromatic	The strokes unite to show aromatic, singing "Fahng!" cheerfully!
訪	fǎng	3	call on	This character represents call on, whispering "Fahng" softly!
熬	áo	2	stew	"Ao, should we simmer?" Turkey on cooking fire questioned stewing curiously - boil and endure!
菸	yān	1	tobacco	The strokes unite to show tobacco, singing "Yan!" cheerfully!
榜	bǎng	3	roster	Like a tree, this character means roster and whispers "Bahng"!
磅	bàng	4	pound	The stone stands for pound, shouting "Bahng!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
膀	bǎng	3	upper arm	The body takes the shape of upper arm, whispering "Bahng" softly!
銳	ruì	4	sharp	The metal stands for sharp, shouting "Rway!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
虹	hóng	2	rainbow	The strokes unite to show rainbow, asking "Hohng? Arc?" curiously!
蝠	fú	2	bat	The strokes unite to show bat, asking "Foo? Flying?" curiously!
蛙	wā	1	frog	A striking symbol for frog that sings "Wah!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
蝗	huáng	2	locust	Picture locust taking form - it asks "Hwahng? Swarm?" with vivid energy!
蟬	chán	2	cicada	A striking symbol for cicada that sings "Chahn? Singing?" cheerfully!
楓	fēng	1	maple	The tree takes the shape of maple, singing "Fung!" cheerfully!
胞	bāo	1	placenta	The body takes the shape of placenta, singing "Bao!" cheerfully!
炮	pào	4	fireworks	The fire stands for fireworks, shouting "Pao!" sharply with flickering flames dancing high!
袍	páo	2	robe	A striking symbol for robe that asks "Pao? Garment?" curiously!
雹	báo	2	hail	The rain takes the shape of hail, asking "Bao? Ice?" curiously!
逐	zhú	2	pursue	The strokes unite to show pursue, asking "Joo? Chase?" curiously!
遂	suì	4	satisfy	"Sway!" Animal horns pursued sharply - to satisfy, accomplish and fulfill!
蒙	méng	2	Mongolia	Picture mongolia taking form - it asks "Mung? Cover?" with vivid energy!
朦	méng	2	dim	The moon takes the shape of dim, asking "Mung? Hazy?" curiously!
豪	háo	2	unrestrained	The strokes unite to show unrestrained, asking "Hao? Bold?" curiously!
啄	zhuó	2	peck	Like a mouth, this character means peck and asks "Jwoh? Bird strike?"!
琢	zuó	2	chisel	The strokes unite to show chisel, asking "Dzwoh? Carve?" curiously!
嫁	jià	4	marry	Picture marry taking form - it shouts "Jyah!" with vivid energy!
腸	cháng	2	intestines	"Chahng, where are the guts?" Body questioned piggy bank curiously - intestines and bowels!
楊	yáng	2	poplar	The tree stands for poplar, asking "Yahng, is that willow?" curiously!
燙	tàng	4	scald	The fire and water unite to create scald, shouting "Tahng!" sharply!
蕩	dàng	4	licentious	The strokes unite to show licentious, shouting "Dahng!" sharply!
詳	xiáng	2	detailed	"Shyahng, is it thorough?" Words questioned piggy bank curiously - detailed and elaborate!
羨	xiàn	4	envy	Like water, this character means envy and shouts "Shyan!" like ripples spreading across a pond!
唯	wéi	2	soley	The mouth stands for soley, asking "Way? Only?" curiously spoken through parted lips!
堆	duī	1	pile	Like soil, this character means pile and sings "Dway!" - a vivid image to remember!
焦	jiāo	1	apprehensive	An striking symbol for apprehensive that sings "Jyao!" cheerfully!
瞧	qiáo	2	lay eyes on	The eye takes the shape of lay eyes on, asking "Chyao? Look?" curiously!
礁	jiāo	1	reef	"Jyao!" Stone with roast turkey sang cheerfully - a reef, rock or shoal!
蕉	jiāo	1	banana	"Jyao!" Flower like roast turkey sang cheerfully - banana, a tropical fruit!
雕	diāo	1	sculpture	The strokes unite to show sculpture, singing "Dyao!" cheerfully!
截	jié	2	lop off	This character represents lop off, asking "Jyeh? Sever?" curiously!
准	zhǔn	3	allow	The water takes the shape of allow, whispering "Jwun" softly!
雀	què	4	sparrow	A striking symbol for sparrow that shouts "Chyueh!" sharply!
霍	huò	4	all at once	The rain stands for all at once, shouting "Hwoh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
奮	fèn	4	exert oneself	The field takes the shape of exert oneself, shouting "Fun!" sharply!
奪	duó	2	take by force	This character represents take by force, asking "Dwoh? Seize?" curiously!
翹	qiào	4	turn upward	"Chyao!" Tall feathers commanded sharply - turn upward, stick up, cut class!
塌	tā	1	fall down	The soil and sun unite to create fall down, singing "Tah!" cheerfully!
翰	hàn	4	writing brush	This character represents writing brush, shouting "Hahn!" sharply!
咽	yàn	4	throat	The mouth stands for throat, shouting "Yahn!" sharply spoken through parted lips!
姻	yīn	1	in-law	This character represents in-law, singing "Yin!" cheerfully!
廟	miào	4	temple	Picture temple taking form - it shouts "Myao!" with vivid energy!
廂	xiāng	1	side room	Picture side room taking form - it sings "Shyahng!" with vivid energy!
嘛	ma	5	(pause marker)	The mouth takes the shape of (pause marker), calling out "mah"!
磨	mó	2	grind	Like a stone, this character means grind and asks "Mwo? Rub?"!
廈	shà	4	skyscraper	The strokes unite to show skyscraper, shouting "Shah!" sharply!
廁	cè	4	toilet	Picture toilet taking form - it shouts "Tsuh!" with vivid energy!
悟	wù	4	realize	The heart takes the shape of realize, shouting "Woo!" sharply!
忠	zhōng	1	loyal	The heart takes the shape of loyal, singing "Johng!" cheerfully!
悼	dào	4	mourn	This character represents mourn, shouting "Dao!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
慎	shèn	4	prudent	The heart takes the shape of prudent, shouting "Shun!" sharply!
恕	shù	4	pardon	The heart takes the shape of pardon, shouting "Shoo!" sharply!
悄	qiāo	1	noiseless	The heart takes the shape of noiseless, singing "Chyao!" cheerfully!
恍	huǎng	3	all of a sudden	Picture all of a sudden taking form - it whispers "Hwahng" with vivid energy!
惰	duò	4	indolent	The heart stands for indolent, shouting "Dwoh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
恢	huī	1	immense	Like a heart, this character means immense and sings "Hway!"!
恆	héng	2	permanent	The heart stands for permanent, asking "Hung? Lasting?" curiously!
慕	mù	4	admire	The heart stands for admire, shouting "Moo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
恰	qià	4	just right	"Chyah!" Heart fit commanded sharply - just right, appropriate and exactly!
惶	huáng	2	fearful	See how the heart forms fearful? It asks "Hwahng? Anxious?" curiously!
愉	yú	2	overjoyed	Like a heart, this character means overjoyed and asks "Yoo? Happy?"!
愈	yù	4	more and more	The heart takes the shape of more and more, shouting "Yoo!" sharply!
惑	huò	4	be bewildered	The strokes unite to show be bewildered, shouting "Hwoh!" sharply!
怔	zhèng	4	terror-stricken	The heart takes the shape of terror-stricken, shouting "Jung!" sharply!
怖	bù	4	be scared of	See how the heart forms be scared of? It shouts "Boo!" sharply!
添	tiān	1	augment	When the water meets the heart, they form augment, singing "Tyan!" cheerfully!
悔	huǐ	3	be sorry about	The heart takes the shape of be sorry about, whispering "Hway" softly!
慌	huāng	1	nervous	The heart stands for nervous, singing "Hwahng!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
悅	yuè	4	delighted	The strokes unite to show delighted, shouting "Yueh!" sharply!
憎	zēng	1	loathe	See how the heart forms loathe? It sings "Dzung!" cheerfully!
忌	jì	4	shun	See how the heart forms shun? It shouts "Jee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
惟	wéi	2	thinking	Picture thinking taking form - it asks "Way? Pondering?" with vivid energy!
懼	jù	4	be frightened	"Jyoo!" Heart with tool commanded sharply - be frightened, afraid and terrified!
患	huàn	4	troubles	The heart takes the shape of troubles, shouting "Hwahn!" sharply!
惹	rě	3	provoke	The heart takes the shape of provoke, whispering "Ruh" softly!
恩	ēn	1	kindness	See how the heart forms kindness? It sings "Un!" cheerfully!
憶	yì	4	recall	Like a heart, this character means recall and shouts "Yee!"!
媳	xí	2	daughter-in-law	This character represents daughter-in-law, asking "Shee? Bride?" curiously!
熄	xī	1	put out	"Shee!" Fire and breath sang cheerfully - put out, extinguish and quench!
瑟	sè	4	Chinese harp	"Suh!" Jewel commanded the must sharply - Chinese harp, lute or zither!
泌	mì	4	secrete	See how the water forms secrete? It shouts "Mee!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
蜜	mì	4	honey	Picture honey taking form - it shouts "Mee!" with vivid energy!
摩	mó	2	rub	When the hand meets the stroke, they form rub, asking "Mwo? Massage?" curiously!
蛾	é	2	moth	A striking symbol for moth that asks "Uh? Night flier?" curiously!
扒	bā	1	pick pockets	"Bah!" Eight hands sang cheerfully - time to pick pockets, steal like a thief!
扣	kòu	4	button	Picture a mouth beside a hand: that's button, shouting "Koh!" sharply!
捐	juān	1	contribute	The hand takes the shape of contribute, singing "Jwan!" cheerfully!
拍	pāi	1	racquet	With a white combined with a hand, you get racquet - "Pigh!" rings out cheerfully!
啪	pā	1	clapping sound	"Pah!" The mouth made a racket cheerfully - a clapping sound, smack and crack!
損	sǔn	3	damage	The hand stands for damage, whispering "Swun" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
扛	káng	1	carry over the shoulder	Like a hand, this character means carry over the shoulder and sings "Kahng!"!
扎	zhā	1	prick	Like a hand, this character means prick and sings "Jah!" reached by outstretched fingers!
拇	mǔ	3	thumb	With a finger combined with fingers, you get thumb - "Moo" rings out softly!
拘	jū	1	detain	The fingers stand for detain, singing "Jyoo!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
抄	chāo	1	copy	The hand takes the shape of copy, singing "Chao!" cheerfully!
拓	tà	4	pioneer	The stone and hand unite to create pioneer, shouting "Tah!" sharply!
捏	niē	1	pinch	The hand takes the shape of pinch, singing "Nyeh!" cheerfully!
撓	náo	2	chafe	Like fingers, this character means chafe and asks "Nao? Scratch?"!
抹	mǒ	3	smear on	The hand takes the shape of smear on, whispering "Mwoh" softly!
描	miáo	2	describe	See how the hand forms describe? It asks "Myao? Draw?" curiously!
摸	mō	1	grope	Like a hand, this character means grope and sings "Mwo!" reached by outstretched fingers!
挑	tiāo	1	foment	The hand takes the shape of foment, singing "Tyao!" cheerfully!
拴	shuān	1	tether	The fingers stand for tether, singing "Shwahn!" cheerfully!
拾	shí	2	tidy up	"Shir, should we collect it?" Hands questioned together curiously - time to tidy up and pick up!
搭	dā	1	put up	"Dah!" Hands fit together cheerfully - time to put up, erect a tent and build!
掠	lüè	4	pillage	See how the fingers forms pillage? It shouts "Lyueh!" sharply!
捨	shě	3	abandon	The hand stands for abandon, whispering "Shuh" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
拭	shì	4	wipe away	"Shir!" Fingers styled a sharp command - wipe away, clean and dry!
扯	chě	3	yank	See how the hand forms yank? It whispers "Chuh" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
拖	tuō	1	drag	The hand takes the shape of drag, singing "Twoh!" cheerfully!
揚	yáng	2	publicize	"Yahng, should we spread it?" Fingers questioned the piggy bank curiously - publicize, raise and scatter ashes!
搞	gǎo	3	engage in	See how the hand forms engage in? It whispers "Gao" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
撞	zhuàng	4	bump into	"Jwahng!" A hand hit the child sharply - bump into, collide and crash!
摘	zhāi	1	handpick	See how the hand forms handpick? It sings "Jigh!" cheerfully!
捆	kǔn	3	lash together	The fingers takes the shape of lash together, whispering "Kwun" softly!
撼	hàn	4	joggle	Like fingers, this character means joggle and shouts "Hahn!"!
擾	rǎo	3	harass	See how the hand forms harass? It whispers "Rao" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
擅	shàn	4	act without authority	Like a hand, this character means act without authority and shouts "Shahn!"!
壇	tán	2	altar	The strokes unite to show altar, asking "Tahn? Sacred?" curiously!
顫	chàn	4	tremble	This character represents tremble, shouting "Chahn!" sharply!
莽	mǎng	3	rude	Picture rude taking form - it whispers "Mahng" with vivid energy!
戒	jiè	4	take precautions against	Picture take precautions against taking form - it shouts "Jyeh!" with vivid energy!
械	xiè	4	weapon	Like a tree, this character means weapon and shouts "Shyeh!"!
誡	jiè	4	warn	"Jyeh!" Words took precautions sharply to warn - admonish with caution!
奔	bēn	1	dash	This character represents dash, singing "Bun!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
噴	pēn	1	spurt	Like a mouth, this character means spurt and sings "Pun!" spoken through parted lips!
墳	fén	2	tomb	See how the soil forms tomb? It asks "Fen? Grave?" curiously!
憤	fèn	4	indignation	Like a heart, this character means indignation and shouts "Fun!"!
材	cái	2	stuff	With a tree combined with a wood, you get stuff - "Tsigh? Material?" rings out curiously!
孕	yùn	4	pregnant	The strokes unite to show pregnant, shouting "Yoon!" sharply!
扔	rēng	1	throw away	"Rung!" The hand was still singing cheerfully - throw away, toss and discard!
圾	jī	1	trash	The strokes unite to show trash, singing "Jee!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
叉	chā	1	fork	The cross stand for fork, singing "Chah!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
桑	sāng	1	mulberry tree	Like a tree, this character means mulberry tree and sings "Sahng!"!
嗓	sǎng	3	voicebox	With a tree combined with a mouth, you get voicebox - "Sahng" rings out softly!
寇	kòu	4	outlaw	An striking symbol for outlaw that shouts "Koh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
敲	qiāo	1	knock	Picture knock taking form - it sings "Chyao!" with vivid energy!
灌	guàn	4	pour into	"Gwahn!" Water and stork commanded sharply - pour into, fill and administer medicine!
權	quán	2	authority	See how the tree forms authority? It asks "Chyuan? Power?" curiously!
毅	yì	4	resolute	Picture resolute taking form - it shouts "Yee!" with vivid energy!
肢	zhī	1	limb	When the leg meets the body, they form limb, singing "Jir!" cheerfully!
妓	jì	4	prostitute	Picture prostitute taking form - it shouts "Jee!" with vivid energy!
歧	qí	2	fork in the road	This character represents fork in the road, asking "Chee? Diverge?" curiously!
翅	chì	4	fins	The strokes unite to show fins, shouting "Chir!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
淑	shū	2	graceful	The water takes the shape of graceful, asking "Shoo? Refined lady?" curiously!
椒	jiāo	1	spice plant	The tree takes the shape of spice plant, singing "Jyao!" cheerfully!
后	hòu	4	queen	"Hoh!" The mouth dragged to the ceiling sharply - a queen, sovereign empress!
盾	dùn	4	shield	Like an eye, this character means shield and shouts "Dwun!"!
販	fàn	4	peddler	The shell takes the shape of peddler, shouting "Fahn!" sharply!
扳	bān	1	tug	The fingers stand for tug, singing "Bahn!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
覓	mì	4	try to find	Picture try to find taking form - it shouts "Mee!" with vivid energy!
妥	tuǒ	3	appropriate	Picture appropriate taking form - it whispers "Twoh" with vivid energy!
睬	cǎi	3	notice	Picture notice taking form - it whispers "Tsigh" with vivid energy!
允	yǔn	3	consent	A striking symbol for consent that whispers "Yoon" softly - a vivid image to remember!
勾	gòu	4	cross out	With cross combined with a hook, you get cross out - "Goh!" rings out sharply!
晉	jìn	4	promote	The sun stands for promote, shouting "Jin!" sharply as sunlight streams across the sky!
宏	hóng	2	magnificent	A striking symbol for magnificent that sings "Hohng? Grand?" cheerfully!
胎	tāi	1	fetus	Like a body, this character means fetus and sings "Tigh!" - a vivid image to remember!
冶	yě	3	smelt	Like metal, this character means smelt and whispers "Yeh" - a vivid image to remember!
颱	tái	2	typhoon	The strokes unite to show typhoon, asking "Tigh? Storm?" curiously!
怠	dài	4	negligent	The heart takes the shape of negligent, shouting "Digh!" sharply!
抬	tái	2	elevate	The hand takes the shape of elevate, asking "Tigh? Lift?" curiously!
丟	diū	1	mislay	A striking symbol for mislay that sings "Dyoh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
臺	tái	2	Taiwan	The strokes unite to show taiwan, asking "Tigh? Isle?" curiously!
致	zhì	4	bring about	The strokes unite to show bring about, shouting "Jir!" sharply!
撤	chè	4	remove	"Chuh!" The hand brought about a sharp command - remove, withdraw and evacuate!
硫	liú	2	sulfur	The stone stands for sulfur, asking "Lyoh? Element?" curiously!
琉	liú	2	glaze	Picture glaze taking form - it asks "Lyoh? Glassy?" with vivid energy!
疏	shū	1	sparse	The strokes unite to show sparse, singing "Shoo!" cheerfully!
蔬	shū	1	veggies	A striking symbol for veggies that sings "Shoo!" cheerfully!
崩	bēng	1	crumble	Like a mountain, this character means crumble and sings "Bung!"!
岩	yán	2	rock	Picture a mountain beside a stone: that's rock, asking "Yahn? Boulder?" curiously!
崎	qí	2	rugged	See how the mountain forms rugged? It asks "Chee? Terrain?" curiously!
崖	yá	2	cliff	With a mountain combined with a tooth, you get cliff - "Yah? Precipice?" rings out curiously!
炭	tàn	4	charcoal	The mountain stands for charcoal, shouting "Tahn!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
碳	tàn	4	carbon	The stone takes the shape of carbon, shouting "Tahn!" sharply!
盼	pàn	4	await hopefully	"Pahn!" Parted eyes commanded sharply - await hopefully, look forward and expect!
頒	bān	1	promulgate	Picture promulgate taking form - it sings "Bahn!" with vivid energy!
芬	fēn	1	essence	This character represents essence, singing "Fen!" cheerfully!
扮	bàn	4	play the part of	Like a hand, this character means play the part of and shouts "Bahn!"!
岔	chà	4	diverge	The mountain stands for diverge, shouting "Chah!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
頌	sòng	4	extol	The strokes unite to show extol, shouting "Sohng!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
訟	sòng	4	litigate	A striking symbol for litigate that shouts "Sohng!" sharply!
翁	wēng	1	elderly man	"Wung!" Public feathers sang cheerfully - an elderly man, old gentleman!
裕	yù	4	abundant	This character represents abundant, shouting "Yoo!" sharply!
榕	róng	2	banyan	Like a tree, this character means banyan and asks "Rohng? Epiphyte?"!
賞	shǎng	3	prize	The shellfish stands for prize, whispering "Shahng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
嘗	cháng	2	attempt	An striking symbol for attempt that asks "Chahng? Try?" curiously!
嚐	cháng	2	taste	See how the mouth forms taste? It asks "Chahng? Sample?" curiously!
掌	zhǎng	3	palm of the hand	See how the hand forms palm of the hand? It whispers "Jahng" softly!
擋	dǎng	3	fend off	See how the hand forms fend off? It whispers "Dahng" softly!
膛	táng	2	chest	The body stands for chest, asking "Tahng? Torso?" curiously!
頗	pō	1	quite	A striking symbol for quite that sings "Pwoh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
坡	pō	1	slope	Like soil, this character means slope and sings "Pwoh!" - a vivid image to remember!
披	pī	1	drape over the shoulders	The hand stands for drape over the shoulders, singing "Pee!" cheerfully!
彼	bǐ	3	the other	Picture the other taking form - it whispers "Bee" with vivid energy!
皺	zhòu	4	wrinkles	"Joh!" Hay bales covered everything sharply - wrinkles, creases and furrows!
雛	chú	2	chick	"Choo, is that a baby bird?" Hay bales questioned the turkey curiously - a chick, fledgling!
趨	qū	1	hasten	"Chyoo!" Walking on hay bales sang cheerfully - hasten, hurry and tend toward!
菠	bō	1	spinach	The strokes unite to show spinach, singing "Bwo!" cheerfully!
殖	zhí	2	breed	A striking symbol for breed that asks "Jir? Multiply?" curiously!
殊	shū	1	dissimilar	The strokes unite to show dissimilar, singing "Shoo!" cheerfully!
殘	cán	2	incomplete	An striking symbol for incomplete that asks "Tsahn? Damaged?" curiously!
咧	lie	5	grin	When the line meets the mouth, they form grin, calling out "lyeh"!
裂	liè	4	crack	A striking symbol for crack that shouts "Lyeh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
耿	gěng	3	dedicated	The fire and ear unite to create dedicated, whispering "Gung" softly!
恥	chǐ	3	shame	When the heart meets the ear, they form shame, whispering "Chir" softly!
輯	jí	2	edit	The strokes unite to show edit, asking "Jee? Compile?" curiously!
攝	shè	4	take a photo	The hand stands for take a photo, shouting "Shuh!" sharply reached by outstretched fingers!
娶	qǔ	3	take a wife	The strokes unite to show take a wife, whispering "Chyoo" softly!
扶	fú	2	lend a hand	See how the hand forms lend a hand? It asks "Foo? Support?" curiously!
熙	xī	1	splendid	Picture fire beside a mouth: that's splendid, singing "Shee!" cheerfully!
腎	shèn	4	kidneys	Like a body, this character means kidneys and shouts "Shun!"!
募	mù	4	recruit	Picture recruit taking form - it shouts "Moo!" with vivid energy!
脅	xié	2	threaten	The body stands for threaten, asking "Shyeh? Coerce?" curiously!
劣	liè	4	inferior	Picture inferior taking form - it shouts "Lyeh!" with vivid energy!
勳	xūn	1	merit	"Shyoon!" Thousand black muscles sang cheerfully - merit, achievement and honor!
勸	quàn	4	advise	This character represents advise, shouting "Chyuan!" sharply!
劫	jié	2	plunder	The strokes unite to show plunder, asking "Jyeh? Rob?" curiously!
怒	nù	4	anger	The heart takes the shape of anger, shouting "Noo!" sharply!
茄	jiā	1	eggplant	An striking symbol for eggplant that sings "Jyah!" cheerfully!
彷	fǎng	3	seemingly	The strokes unite to show seemingly, whispering "Fahng" softly!
征	zhēng	1	go on an expedition	Picture go on an expedition taking form - it shouts "Jung!" with vivid energy!
徒	tú	2	follower	Picture follower taking form - it asks "Too? Disciple?" with vivid energy!
徊	huái	2	undecided	This character represents undecided, asking "Hwigh? Wander?" curiously!
徵	zhēng	1	solicit	The mountain stands for solicit, singing "Jung!" cheerfully!
懲	chéng	2	chasten	Like a heart, this character means chasten and asks "Chung? Punish?"!
循	xún	2	comply with	"Shyoon, should we follow?" The queue and shield questioned compliance curiously - abide by custom!
徹	chè	4	thorough	"Chuh!" Going to bring about commanded sharply - thorough, complete and penetrating!
役	yì	4	service	The strokes unite to show service, shouting "Yee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
衍	yǎn	3	develop	The water stands for develop, whispering "Yahn" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
衡	héng	2	weight	A striking symbol for weight that asks "Hung? Balance?" curiously!
銜	xián	2	title	When the mouth meets the metal, they form title, asking "Shyan? Rank?" curiously!
禿	tū	1	bald	A striking symbol for bald that sings "Too!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
頹	tuí	2	decrepit	A striking symbol for decrepit that asks "Tway? Decayed?" curiously!
秒	miǎo	3	seconds	This character represents seconds, whispering "Myao" softly!
稍	shāo	1	a little	The strokes unite to show a little, singing "Shao!" cheerfully!
穌	sū	1	rise again	This character represents rise again, singing "Soo!" cheerfully!
蘇	sū	1	revive	The strokes unite to show revive, singing "Soo!" cheerfully!
萎	wēi	1	wilt	Picture wilt taking form - it sings "Way!" with vivid energy!
黏	nián	2	sticky	"Nyan, is it adhesive?" Rumpelbrella questioned fortune-telling curiously - sticky and gluey!
黎	lí	2	host	The people takes the shape of host, asking "Lee? Masses?" curiously!
漆	qī	1	wall paint	Picture a wall beside water: that's wall paint, singing "Chee!" cheerfully!
膝	xī	1	knees	The leg stands for knees, singing "Shee!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
稠	chóu	2	dense	"Choh, is it thick?" Wild rice questioned the lap curiously - dense and concentrated!
稿	gǎo	3	draft	This character represents draft, whispering "Gao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
穎	yǐng	3	clever	Picture clever taking form - it whispers "Ying" with vivid energy!
稅	shuì	4	tax	"Shway!" Wild rice exchanged sharply - tax, levy and duty!
稼	jià	4	crops	"Jyah!" Wild rice housed sharply - crops, grain and plants!
菌	jūn	1	fungus	This character represents fungus, singing "Jyoon!" cheerfully!
稚	zhì	4	immature	"Jir!" Young wild rice commanded sharply - immature, childish and naive!
穫	huò	4	harvest	This character represents harvest, shouting "Hwoh!" sharply!
私	sī	1	private	The strokes unite to show private, singing "Suh!" cheerfully!
秩	zhì	4	order	"Jir!" Wild rice lost its sharp command - order, in sequence with peace!
殼	ké	2	shell	See how the shell forms shell? It sings "Kuh? Husk?" cheerfully!
穀	gǔ	3	cereal	The strokes unite to show cereal, whispering "Goo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
鍬	qiāo	1	shovel	Like metal, this character means shovel and sings "Chyao!"!
揪	jiū	1	hold tight	"Jyoh!" Fingers held autumn cheerfully - grasp tight, clutching the collar!
梨	lí	2	pear	The tree takes the shape of pear, asking "Lee? Fruit?" curiously!
犁	lí	2	plow	This character represents plow, asking "Lee? Till?" curiously!
曆	lì	4	calendar	The sun stands for calendar, shouting "Lee!" sharply as sunlight streams across the sky!
糕	gāo	1	cake	The strokes unite to show cake, singing "Gao!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
糊	hú	2	batter	This character represents batter, asking "Hoo? Mix?" curiously!
粘	nián	2	glue	The stick stands for glue, asking "Nyan? Stick?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
糧	liáng	2	provisions	Picture provisions taking form - it asks "Lyahng? Food?" with vivid energy!
菊	jú	2	chrysanthemum	A striking symbol for chrysanthemum that asks "Jyoo? Bloom?" curiously!
糙	cāo	1	rough	This character represents rough, singing "Tsao!" cheerfully!
粒	lì	4	grain	Picture grain taking form - it shouts "Lee!" with vivid energy!
燦	càn	4	brilliant	See how the fire forms brilliant? It shouts "Tsahn!" sharply!
粉	fěn	3	powder	This character represents powder, whispering "Fun" softly - a vivid image to remember!
瞇	mī	1	squint	Like an eye, this character means squint and sings "Mee!" - a vivid image to remember!
幣	bì	4	currency	The strokes unite to show currency, shouting "Bee!" sharply!
斃	bì	4	die a violent death	This character represents die a violent death, shouting "Bee!" sharply!
蔽	bì	4	shelter	The shelter takes the shape of shelter, shouting "Bee!" sharply!
撇	piē	1	cast aside	"Pyeh!" The hand separated cheerfully - cast aside, abandon while left-handed!
弊	bì	4	fraud	Picture fraud taking form - it shouts "Bee!" with vivid energy!
筍	sǔn	3	bamboo shoot	See how the bamboo forms bamboo shoot? It whispers "Swun" softly!
筒	tǒng	3	tube	The bamboo takes the shape of tube, whispering "Tohng" softly!
築	zhú	2	construct	With a tree combined with bamboo, you get construct - "Joo? Build?" rings out curiously!
笨	bèn	4	stupid	Like bamboo, this character means stupid and shouts "Bun!"!
箭	jiàn	4	arrow	"Jyan!" Bamboo in front commanded sharply - an arrow, projectile to shoot!
筋	jīn	1	tendon	The bamboo takes the shape of tendon, singing "Jin!" cheerfully!
伍	wǔ	3	V	Like a person, this character means v and whispers "Woo" - a vivid image to remember!
仇	chóu	2	animosity	The person takes the shape of animosity, asking "Choh? Enmity?" curiously!
倡	chàng	4	start	The person stands for start, shouting "Chahng!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
伯	bó	2	father's older brother	When the white meets the person, they form father's older brother, asking "Bwo? Uncle?" curiously!
仲	zhòng	4	mid—	Like a person, this character means mid— and shouts "Johng!"!
估	gū	1	estimate	See how the person forms estimate? It sings "Goo!" cheerfully!
偵	zhēn	1	detect	Like a person, this character means detect and sings "Jun!"!
俱	jù	4	altogether	See how the person forms altogether? It shouts "Jyoo!" sharply!
側	cè	4	lateral	See how the person forms lateral? It shouts "Tsuh!" sharply!
佑	yòu	4	bless	The person stands for bless, shouting "Yoh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
佐	zuǒ	3	assistant	The person stands for assistant, whispering "Dzwoh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
仔	zǐ	3	meticulous	The person stands for meticulous, whispering "Dzir" softly - a vivid image to remember!
俏	qiào	4	comely	See how the person forms comely? It shouts "Chyao!" sharply!
倘	tǎng	3	if	The person stands for if, whispering "Tahng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
倚	yǐ	3	count on	The person takes the shape of count on, whispering "Yee" softly!
佳	jiā	1	superb	See how the person forms superb? It sings "Jyah!" cheerfully!
侍	shì	4	serve	"Shir!" A person at the Buddhist temple commanded sharply to serve - attend and wait on!
伙	huǒ	3	mate	When the fire meets the person, they form mate, whispering "Hwoh" softly!
宿	sù	4	stay overnight	This character represents stay overnight, shouting "Soo!" sharply!
伏	fú	2	bend over	"Foo, should we prostrate?" The person questioned the dog curiously - bend over and lie down!
袱	fú	2	wrapping cloth	This character represents wrapping cloth, asking "Foo? Bundle?" curiously!
偷	tōu	1	steal	The person stands for steal, singing "Toh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
伐	fá	2	fell	With a tree combined with a person, you get fell - "Fah? Cut tree?" rings out curiously!
佩	pèi	4	wear at the waist	Like a person, this character means wear at the waist and shouts "Pay!"!
佈	bù	4	announce	The person takes the shape of announce, shouting "Boo!" sharply!
僑	qiáo	2	live abroad	"Chyao, are you an expatriate?" The person questioned the angel curiously - living abroad, overseas!
億	yì	4	one hundred million	The person stands for one hundred million, shouting "Yee!" sharply!
傾	qīng	1	incline	See how the person forms incline? It sings "Ching!" cheerfully!
侮	wǔ	3	insult	The person stands for insult, whispering "Woo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
倍	bèi	4	times-multiplier	The person stands for times-multiplier, shouting "Bay!" sharply!
仿	fǎng	3	mimic	Like a person, this character means mimic and whispers "Fahng"!
傲	ào	4	haughty	The person takes the shape of haughty, shouting "Ao!" sharply!
僧	sēng	1	Buddhist monk	"Sung!" The person increased cheerfully - a Buddhist monk, too many monks make not enough porridge!
悠	yōu	1	without haste	With a stick combined with a heart, you get without haste - "Yoh!" rings out cheerfully!
俄	é	2	Russia	The person stands for russia, asking "Uh? Soviet?" curiously!
儀	yí	2	rite	The person stands for rite, asking "Yee? Ceremony?" curiously!
侄	zhí	2	nephew	"Jir, is that my brother's son?" The person reaching out questioned the nephew curiously - crazy since childhood!
仙	xiān	1	immortal	With a mountain combined with a person, you get immortal - "Shyan!" rings out cheerfully!
俗	sú	2	custom	Like a person, this character means custom and asks "Soo? Tradition?"!
償	cháng	2	repay	The person stands for repay, asking "Chahng? Compensate?" curiously!
臥	wò	4	for sleeping	"Woh!" For sleeping and lying down, they commanded sharply - recline in the bedroom!
傍	páng	2	close to	"Pahng, are we near?" The person questioned the compass curiously - close to nightfall!
俺	ǎn	3	we (exclusive)	The person takes the shape of we (exclusive), whispering "Ahn" softly!
淹	yān	1	inundate	"Yan!" Water flooded the hang glider cheerfully - inundate and drown!
掩	yǎn	3	conceal	The fingers takes the shape of conceal, whispering "Yahn" softly!
催	cuī	1	prod	See how the person forms prod? It sings "Tsway!" cheerfully!
摧	cuī	1	wreck	Like fingers, this character means wreck and sings "Tsway!"!
攜	xié	2	take along	See how the mouth forms take along? It asks "Shyeh? Bring?" curiously!
符	fú	2	symbol	Like bamboo, this character means symbol and asks "Foo? Sign?"!
貸	dài	4	loan	"Digh!" Substitute shells commanded sharply - a loan to lend and borrow!
荷	hé	2	Holland	The strokes unite to show holland, asking "Huh? Lotus?" curiously!
仗	zhàng	4	battle	Like a person, this character means battle and shouts "Jahng!"!
杖	zhàng	4	cane	Picture a tree beside a stick: that's cane, shouting "Jahng!" sharply!
夾	jiā	1	press from both sides	The people takes the shape of press from both sides, singing "Jyah!" cheerfully!
俠	xiá	2	chivalrous person	See how the person forms chivalrous person? It asks "Shyah? Hero?" curiously!
頰	jiá	2	cheek	This character represents cheek, asking "Jyah? Face?" curiously!
狹	xiá	2	narrow	A striking symbol for narrow that asks "Shyah? Tight?" curiously!
挾	xié	2	coerce	See how the hand forms coerce? It asks "Shyeh? Force?" curiously!
峽	xiá	2	gorge	The mountain takes the shape of gorge, asking "Shyah? Canyon?" curiously!
傘	sǎn	3	umbrella	With a people combined with rain, you get umbrella - "Sahn" rings out softly!
聚	jù	4	assemble	See how the ear forms assemble? It shouts "Jyoo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
挫	cuò	4	frustrate	See how the fingers forms frustrate? It shouts "Tswoh!" sharply!
劍	jiàn	4	saber	When the sword meets the blade, they form saber, shouting "Jyan!" sharply!
斂	liǎn	3	restrain	The strokes unite to show restrain, asking "Lyan" curiously!
撿	jiǎn	3	pick up	The hand stands for pick up, whispering "Jyan" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
簽	qiān	1	sign	Like bamboo, this character means sign and sings "Chyan!" - a vivid image to remember!
儉	jiǎn	3	thrifty	See how the person forms thrifty? It whispers "Jyan" softly!
萊	lái	2	lambsquarters	This character represents lambsquarters, asking "Ligh? Pigweed?" curiously!
葛	gé	2	kudzu	This character represents kudzu, asking "Guh? Vine?" curiously!
褐	hè	4	brown	A striking symbol for brown that shouts "Huh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
竭	jié	2	use up	"Jyeh, are we exhausted?" Standing for a siesta questioned using up curiously - deplete!
歇	xiē	1	take a rest	Picture take a rest taking form - it sings "Shyeh!" with vivid energy!
揭	jiē	1	reveal	The fingers takes the shape of reveal, singing "Jyeh!" cheerfully!
淫	yín	2	promiscuous	Like water, this character means promiscuous and asks "Yin? Lewd?"!
挺	tǐng	3	erect	Like a hand, this character means erect and whispers "Ting"!
瓦	wǎ	3	tile	The roof stands for tile, whispering "Wah" softly - a vivid image to remember!
瓷	cí	2	porcelain	A striking symbol for porcelain that asks "Tsuh? China?" curiously!
瓶	píng	2	bottle	Picture bottle taking form - it asks "Ping? Container?" with vivid energy!
鋁	lǚ	3	aluminum	The metal takes the shape of aluminum, whispering "Lyoo" softly!
宮	gōng	1	palace	Picture palace taking form - it sings "Gohng!" with vivid energy!
瑩	yíng	2	lustrous	The fire stands for lustrous, asking "Ying? Shining?" curiously!
螢	yíng	2	firefly	The strokes unite to show firefly, asking "Ying? Glow bug?" curiously!
撈	lāo	1	scoop up	"Lao!" Hand through the door sang cheerfully - scoop up and dip out fortune!
煥	huàn	4	glowing	"Hwahn!" Fire and sled dogs commanded sharply - glowing, radiant and brilliant!
旋	xuán	2	whirl	The strokes unite to show whirl, asking "Shyuan? Spin?" curiously!
吻	wěn	3	kiss	This character represents kiss, whispering "Wun" softly - a vivid image to remember!
匆	cōng	1	hurriedly	"Tsohng!" Bound up heart sang cheerfully - hurriedly, hastily and rushed!
錫	xī	2	tin	The metal takes the shape of tin, asking "Shee? Metal?" curiously!
惕	tì	4	watchful	The heart takes the shape of watchful, shouting "Tee!" sharply!
屑	xiè	4	bits	This character represents bits, shouting "Shyeh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
尿	niào	4	urine	See how the water forms urine? It shouts "Nyao!" sharply like ripples spreading across a pond!
刷	shuā	1	brush	Picture brush taking form - it sings "Shwah!" with vivid energy!
犀	xī	1	rhinoceros	A striking symbol for rhinoceros that sings "Shee!" cheerfully!
遲	chí	2	tardy	Picture tardy taking form - it asks "Chir? Late?" with vivid energy!
漏	lòu	4	leak	With rain combined with water, you get leak - "Loh!" rings out sharply!
屁	pì	4	fart	The strokes unite to show fart, shouting "Pee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
履	lǚ	3	footwear	Picture footwear taking form - it whispers "Lyoo" with vivid energy!
屎	shǐ	3	excrement	The strokes unite to show excrement, whispering "Shir" softly!
屏	píng	2	folding screen	The strokes unite to show folding screen, asking "Ping, is that a partition?" curiously!
屈	qū	1	knuckle under	"Chyoo!" The flag at the exit sang cheerfully - knuckle under, yield and submit!
掘	jué	2	excavate	Like a hand, this character means excavate and asks "Jyueh? Dig?"!
尺	chǐ	3	ruler	A striking symbol for ruler that whispers "Chir" softly - a vivid image to remember!
眉	méi	2	eyebrows	Like an eye, this character means eyebrows and asks "May? Brow?"!
媚	mèi	4	flatter	Picture flatter taking form - it shouts "May!" with vivid energy!
肩	jiān	1	shoulder	When the door meets the body, they form shoulder, singing "Jyan!" cheerfully!
妒	dù	4	jealous of	"Doo!" Woman at the door commanded sharply - jealous of, envious hateful bully!
淚	lèi	4	tears	When the door meets the water, they form tears, shouting "Lay!" sharply!
啓	qǐ	3	enlighten	With a door combined with a mouth, you get enlighten - "Chee" rings out curiously!
扇	shàn	4	fan	The door takes the shape of fan, shouting "Shahn!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
奈	nài	4	can't help but	This character represents can't help but, shouting "Nigh!" sharply!
款	kuǎn	3	funds	Like a shellfish, this character means funds and whispers "Kwahn"!
祟	suì	4	evil spirit	"Sway!" Altar mountain commanded sharply - evil spirit, demon malevolent cultivators must exorcise!
祝	zhù	4	wish well	"Joo!" Altar brother commanded sharply - wish well, bless and congratulate!
祥	xiáng	2	propitious	"Shyahng, is it auspicious?" Altar piggy bank questioned propitious curiously - lucky and fortunate!
祕	mì	4	confidential	Picture confidential taking form - it shouts "Mee!" with vivid energy!
慰	wèi	4	console	The heart takes the shape of console, shouting "Way!" sharply!
蔚	wèi	4	luxuriant	Picture luxuriant taking form - it shouts "Way!" with vivid energy!
蒜	suàn	4	garlic	A striking symbol for garlic that shouts "Swahn!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
棕	zōng	1	palm tree	The tree takes the shape of palm tree, singing "Dzohng!" cheerfully!
宙	zhòu	4	universe	An striking symbol for universe that shouts "Joh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
軸	zhóu	2	axle	An striking symbol for axle that asks "Joh? Pivot?" curiously!
袖	xiù	4	sleeve	A striking symbol for sleeve that shouts "Shyo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
笛	dí	2	flute	A striking symbol for flute that asks "Dee? Whistle?" curiously!
坤	kūn	1	female	Picture earth beside soil: that's female, singing "Kwun!" cheerfully!
呻	shēn	1	groan	The mouth stands for groan, singing "Shun!" cheerfully spoken through parted lips!
暢	chàng	4	smooth	Like a sun, this character means smooth and shouts "Chahng!"!
夥	huǒ	3	partnership	See how the fire forms partnership? It whispers "Hwoh" softly!
巢	cháo	2	nest	Like a tree, this character means nest and asks "Chao? Lair?"!
棵	kē	1	flora	See how the tree forms flora? It sings "Kuh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
裸	luǒ	3	naked	A striking symbol for naked that whispers "Lwoh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
裹	guǒ	3	envelop	The strokes unite to show envelop, whispering "Gwoh" softly!
析	xī	1	analyze	The tree takes the shape of analyze, singing "Shee!" cheerfully!
晰	xī	1	distinct	Like a sun, this character means distinct and sings "Shee!"!
芹	qín	2	celery	This character represents celery, asking "Chin? Vegetable?" curiously!
折	zhé	2	discount	See how the bone forms discount? It asks "Juh? Break?" curiously!
哲	zhé	2	philosopher	See how the mouth forms philosopher? It asks "Juh? Wise?" curiously!
逝	shì	4	pass away	"Shir!" Road philosopher commanded sharply - pass away, die and perish!
誓	shì	4	vow	Picture vow taking form - it shouts "Shir!" with vivid energy!
欣	xīn	1	elated	"Shin!" Three axes sang cheerfully - elated, joyful and happy!
掀	xiān	1	uncover	See how the fingers forms uncover? It sings "Shyan!" cheerfully!
祈	qí	2	supplicate	This character represents supplicate, singing "Chee? Pray?" cheerfully!
慚	cán	2	conscience-stricken	The strokes unite to show conscience-stricken, asking "Tsahn? Ashamed?" curiously!
嶄	zhǎn	3	towering	See how the mountain forms towering? It whispers "Jahn" softly!
拆	chāi	1	take apart	"Chigh!" Fingers reprimanded cheerfully - take apart, dismantle and tear apart!
炸	zhà	4	blow up	Like fire, this character means blow up and shouts "Jah!" with flickering flames dancing high!
詐	zhà	4	swindle	"Jah!" Words blew up sharply to swindle - deceive, dupe with fraud!
妻	qī	1	wife	Picture wife taking form - it sings "Chee!" with vivid energy!
淒	qī	1	miserable	The water takes the shape of miserable, singing "Chee!" cheerfully!
棲	qī	1	perch	See how the tree forms perch? It sings "Chee!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
煞	shà	4	goblin	Like fire, this character means goblin and shouts "Shah!" with flickering flames dancing high!
捷	jié	2	nimble	The fingers stand for nimble, asking "Jyeh? Agile?" curiously!
秉	bǐng	3	wield	This character represents wield, whispering "Bing" softly - a vivid image to remember!
剝	bō	1	peel off	"Bwo!" Snowman and saber sang cheerfully - peel off, strip skin with cracking sound!
彙	huì	4	collection	This character represents collection, shouting "Hway!" sharply!
兼	jiān	1	double	"Jyan!" One hand held the broom cheerfully - double, concurrently both!
賺	zhuàn	4	earn	Like a shellfish, this character means earn and shouts "Jwahn!"!
嫌	xián	2	dislike	This character represents dislike, asking "Shyan? Hate?" curiously!
謙	qiān	1	unassuming	An striking symbol for unassuming that sings "Chyan!" cheerfully!
歉	qiàn	4	apology	Picture apology taking form - it shouts "Chyan!" with vivid energy!
廉	lián	2	inexpensive	This character represents inexpensive, asking "Lyan? Cheap fur?" curiously!
鐮	lián	2	sickle	Picture a blade beside metal: that's sickle, asking "Lyan? Blade?" curiously!
簾	lián	2	drapes	See how the bamboo forms drapes? It asks "Lyan? Curtain?" curiously!
睜	zhēng	1	unshut	See how the eye forms unshut? It sings "Jung!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
掙	zhēng	1	struggle	The hand takes the shape of struggle, singing "Jung!" cheerfully!
箏	zhēng	1	Chinese zither	"Jung!" Bamboo contended cheerfully - Chinese zither instrument, kite flying high!
塘	táng	2	pool	When the earth meets the water, they form pool, asking "Tahng? Pond?" curiously!
逮	dǎi	3	arrest	Picture arrest taking form - it whispers "Digh" with vivid energy!
隸	lì	4	bondservant	A striking symbol for bondservant that shouts "Lee!" sharply!
慷	kāng	1	generous	See how the heart forms generous? It sings "Kahng!" cheerfully!
糠	kāng	1	chaff	A striking symbol for chaff that sings "Kahng!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
耍	shuǎ	3	mess around	See how the ear forms mess around? It whispers "Shwah" softly!
耐	nài	4	-proof	See how the ear forms -proof? It shouts "Nigh!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
喘	chuǎn	3	wheeze	When the mountain meets the mouth, they form wheeze, whispering "Chwahn" softly!
揣	chuāi	1	conjecture	Picture a mountain beside a hand: that's conjecture, singing "Chwigh!" cheerfully!
糟	zāo	1	messed up	"Dzao!" Rice with cadet sang cheerfully - messed up, terrible and awful!
遭	zāo	1	meet with	"Dzao!" Road cadet sang cheerfully - meet with, encounter, suffer the surroundings!
槽	cáo	2	trough	See how the tree forms trough? It asks "Tsao? Channel?" curiously!
抖	dǒu	3	quiver	See how the hand forms quiver? It whispers "Doh" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
庸	yōng	1	mediocre	Picture mediocre taking form - it sings "Yohng!" with vivid energy!
傭	yōng	1	put to work	Like a person, this character means put to work and sings "Yohng!"!
甩	shuǎi	3	fling	The hand takes the shape of fling, whispering "Shwigh" softly!
惜	xī	1	rue	Like a heart, this character means rue and sings "Shee!" - a vivid image to remember!
措	cuò	4	arrange	The hand stands for arrange, shouting "Tswoh!" sharply reached by outstretched fingers!
棄	qì	4	forsake	The tree stands for forsake, shouting "Chee!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
燕	yàn	4	swallow	The mouth takes the shape of swallow, shouting "Yahn!" sharply!
遮	zhē	1	screen	The fire stands for screen, singing "Juh!" cheerfully with flickering flames dancing high!
畔	pàn	4	littoral	The field takes the shape of littoral, shouting "Pahn!" sharply!
拌	bàn	4	blend	See how the hand forms blend? It shouts "Bahn!" sharply reached by outstretched fingers!
叛	pàn	4	betray	Picture betray taking form - it shouts "Pahn!" with vivid energy!
券	quàn	4	voucher	The strokes unite to show voucher, shouting "Chyuan!" sharply!
藤	téng	2	rattan	A striking symbol for rattan that asks "Tung? Vine?" curiously!
狀	zhuàng	4	state of affairs	Picture state of affairs taking form - it shouts "Jwahng!" with vivid energy!
牆	qiáng	2	wall	When the earth meets the wall, they form wall, asking "Chyahng? Barrier?" curiously!
鼎	dǐng	3	old cooking pot	The ear takes the shape of old cooking pot, whispering "Ding" softly!
寢	qǐn	3	get some shuteye	This character represents get some shuteye, whispering "Chin" softly!
侵	qīn	1	invade	The person stands for invade, singing "Chin!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
浸	jìn	4	immerse	Like water, this character means immerse and shouts "Jin!"!
贓	zāng	1	stolen goods	"Dzahng!" Shells went surfboarding cheerfully - stolen goods, loot and plunder!
藏	cáng	2	hide	"Tsahng, should we conceal it?" Flowers questioned stolen goods curiously - hide and stash in Tibet!
臟	zàng	4	guts	"Dzahng!" Body held stolen goods sharply - guts, internal organs, dirty!
獎	jiǎng	3	award	This character represents award, whispering "Jyahng" softly!
漿	jiāng	1	thick liquid	"Jyahng!" General commanded water cheerfully - thick liquid, starch and paste!
槳	jiǎng	3	oar	See how the tree forms oar? It whispers "Jyahng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
蔣	jiǎng	3	Jiang	This character represents jiang, whispering "Jyahng" softly!
淵	yuān	1	abyss	"Yuan!" Water in the rice field sang cheerfully - an abyss, deep chasm!
肅	sù	4	solemn	Like a body, this character means solemn and shouts "Soo!" - a vivid image to remember!
嘯	xiào	4	howl	The mouth takes the shape of howl, shouting "Shyao!" sharply!
蕭	xiāo	1	desolate	"Shyao!" Flowers in the grand canyon sang cheerfully - desolate, bleak and decrepit!
鏽	xiù	4	rust	Like metal, this character means rust and shouts "Shyo!" - a vivid image to remember!
芝	zhī	1	sesame	The strokes unite to show sesame, singing "Jir!" cheerfully!
貶	biǎn	3	devalue	See how the shellfish forms devalue? It whispers "Byan" softly!
泛	fàn	4	nonspecific	See how the water forms nonspecific? It shouts "Fahn!" sharply!
歪	wāi	1	askew	The strokes unite to show askew, singing "Wigh!" cheerfully!
矯	jiǎo	3	rectify	This character represents rectify, whispering "Jyao" softly!
矮	ǎi	3	short of stature	The strokes unite to show short of stature, whispering "Igh" softly!
唉	āi	1	sigh--ay-ay	The mouth stands for sigh--ay-ay, singing "Igh!" cheerfully!
埃	āi	1	fine dust	"Igh!" Soil from the crossbow sang cheerfully - fine dust and particles!
挨	āi	2	suffer	See how the fingers forms suffer? It asks "Igh? Beaten?" curiously!
簇	cù	4	cluster	See how the bamboo forms cluster? It shouts "Tsoo!" sharply!
茅	máo	2	thatch	See how the grass forms thatch? It asks "Mao? Straw?" curiously!
橘	jú	2	tangerine	When the tree meets the mouth, they form tangerine, asking "Jyoo? Citrus?" curiously!
舒	shū	1	relax	See how the tongue forms relax? It sings "Shoo!" cheerfully!
弘	hóng	2	noble	This character represents noble, asking "Hohng? Grand?" curiously!
夷	yí	2	barbarian	This character represents barbarian, asking "Yee? Savage?" curiously!
姨	yí	2	maternal aunt	"Yee, is that my mother's sister?" Woman questioned the barbarian curiously - maternal aunt, auntie!
疆	jiāng	1	dividing line	When the line meets the soil, they form dividing line, singing "Jyahng!" cheerfully!
僵	jiāng	1	stiff	"Jyahng!" Person in a family feud sang cheerfully - stiff, rigid with frozen limbs!
薑	jiāng	1	ginger	"Jyahng!" Flowers in a family feud sang cheerfully - ginger, spicy root for soup!
粥	zhōu	1	porridge	This character represents porridge, singing "Joh!" cheerfully!
沸	fèi	4	bring to a boil	Like water, this character means bring to a boil and shouts "Fay!"!
拂	fú	2	caress	"Foo, should I stroke it?" Fingers questioned the dollar sign curiously - caress, brush, embrace and hug!
剃	tì	4	shave	"Tee!" Younger brother's knife commanded sharply - shave and cut hair with a razor!
涕	tì	4	snot	"Tee!" Little brother's water commanded sharply - snot, nose mucus and tears!
梯	tī	1	ladder	"Tee!" Tree with younger brother sang cheerfully - a ladder, stairs and steps!
朽	xiǔ	3	decayed	See how the tree forms decayed? It whispers "Shyo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
聘	pìn	4	employ	"Pin!" Ear with sprout snare commanded sharply - employ, hire and appoint by letter!
犧	xī	1	sacrifice	This character represents sacrifice, singing "Shee!" cheerfully!
姊	zǐ	3	elder sister	Picture elder sister taking form - it whispers "Dzir" with vivid energy!
躺	tǎng	3	lie down	Like a body, this character means lie down and whispers "Tahng"!
躲	duǒ	3	dodge	Like a body, this character means dodge and whispers "Dwoh"!
躬	gōng	1	stoop	See how the body forms stoop? It sings "Gohng!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
嗜	shì	4	hanker	The mouth takes the shape of hanker, shouting "Shir!" sharply!
拷	kǎo	3	flog	The hand stands for flog, whispering "Kao" softly reached by outstretched fingers!
暑	shǔ	3	summer heat	See how the sun forms summer heat? It whispers "Shoo" softly!
睹	dǔ	3	behold	The strokes unite to show behold, whispering "Doo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
賭	dǔ	3	gamble	Like a shellfish, this character means gamble and whispers "Doo"!
奢	shē	1	extravagant	Picture extravagant taking form - it sings "Shuh!" with vivid energy!
堵	dǔ	3	stop up	See how the soil forms stop up? It whispers "Doo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
煮	zhǔ	3	boil	The fire stands for boil, whispering "Joo" softly with flickering flames dancing high!
諸	zhū	1	various	A striking symbol for various that sings "Joo!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
儲	chǔ	3	put in storage	The person stands for put in storage, whispering "Choo" softly!
屠	tú	2	slaughter	This character represents slaughter, asking "Too? Kill?" curiously!
署	shǔ	3	add your John Hancock	Picture add your john hancock taking form - it whispers "Shoo" with vivid energy!
薯	shǔ	3	yam	A striking symbol for yam that whispers "Shoo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
歸	guī	1	come back	A striking symbol for come back that sings "Gway!" cheerfully!
篩	shāi	1	sift	The bamboo stands for sift, singing "Shigh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
棺	guān	1	coffin	The tree stands for coffin, singing "Gwahn!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
爹	diē	1	dad	This character represents dad, singing "Dyeh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
斧	fǔ	3	axe	This character represents axe, whispering "Foo" softly - a vivid image to remember!
咬	yǎo	3	bite	Like a mouth, this character means bite and whispers "Yao" spoken through parted lips!
狡	jiǎo	3	sly	This character represents sly, whispering "Jyao" softly - a vivid image to remember!
趴	pā	1	prostrate oneself	"Pah!" Eight runners sang cheerfully - prostrate oneself, head down, fatso don't move!
踏	tà	4	trample	"Tah!" Wooden leg stomped water sharply - trample and step, stamp!
蹄	tí	2	hoof	"Tee, is that an animal foot?" Wooden leg questioned the sovereign curiously - hoof, horse hooves!
捉	zhuō	1	catch	When the leg meets the hand, they form catch, singing "Jwoh!" cheerfully!
踩	cǎi	3	step on	The leg takes the shape of step on, whispering "Tsigh" softly!
蹦	bèng	4	hop	"Bung!" Wooden leg scaled the mountain sharply - hop, jump and bounce!
跌	diē	1	slump	"Dyeh!" Wooden leg stumbled cheerfully - slump, fall and tumble face up!
促	cù	4	urge	"Tsoo!" Person with wooden leg commanded sharply - urge, hasten and rush!
踢	tī	1	kick	"Tee!" Wooden leg found it easy cheerfully - kick, boot and strike!
躁	zào	4	impetuous	"Dzao!" Body of wood pulp commanded sharply - impetuous, irritable and jittery!
噪	zào	4	chirping	"Dzao!" Mouth like wood pulp commanded sharply - chirping, noisy twitter and static!
澡	zǎo	3	bath	When the wood meets the water, they form bath, whispering "Dzao" softly!
藻	zǎo	3	algae	See how the water forms algae? It whispers "Dzao" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
操	cāo	1	exercise	"Tsao!" Hand worked wood pulp cheerfully - exercise, drill and practice!
燥	zào	4	parched	"Dzao!" Fire burned wood pulp sharply - parched, dry and arid!
躍	yuè	4	leap	"Yueh!" Wooden leg with wings commanded sharply - leap, jump and bound!
戳	chuō	1	jab	Picture jab taking form - it sings "Chwoh!" with vivid energy!
耀	yào	4	show off	"Yao!" Light on feathers commanded sharply - show off, glory, dazzle with honor!
猾	huá	2	cunning	A striking symbol for cunning that asks "Hwah? Crafty?" curiously!
髓	suǐ	3	marrow	Like a bone, this character means marrow and whispers "Sway"!
髒	zāng	1	dirty	"Dzahng!" Skeleton held stolen goods cheerfully - dirty, filthy and unclean!
渦	wō	1	whirlpool	Like water, this character means whirlpool and sings "Woh!"!
鍋	guō	1	pot	See how the metal forms pot? It sings "Gwoh!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
蝸	wō	1	snail	Picture snail taking form - it sings "Woh!" with vivid energy!
禍	huò	4	misfortune	This character represents misfortune, shouting "Hwoh!" sharply!
陌	mò	4	footpath	The white stands for footpath, shouting "Mwo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
隙	xì	4	rift	"Shee!" Pinnacle with few springs commanded sharply - a rift, gap, crack and crevice!
陡	dǒu	3	steep	A striking symbol for steep that whispers "Doh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
障	zhàng	4	barrier	The thread stands for barrier, shouting "Jahng!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
陪	péi	2	accompany	This character represents accompany, asking "Pay? Escort?" curiously!
隧	suì	4	tunnel	The strokes unite to show tunnel, shouting "Sway!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
墜	zhuì	4	plunge	See how the soil forms plunge? It shouts "Jway!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
陋	lòu	4	undesirable	An striking symbol for undesirable that shouts "Loh!" sharply!
挖	wā	1	dig	Like a hand, this character means dig and sings "Wah!" reached by outstretched fingers!
窯	yáo	2	kiln	See how the fire forms kiln? It asks "Yao? Oven?" curiously!
窺	kuī	1	peep	The strokes unite to show peep, singing "Kway!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
窟	kū	1	den	See how the stone forms den? It sings "Koo!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
窄	zhǎi	3	strait	The strokes unite to show strait, whispering "Jigh" softly - a vivid image to remember!
榨	zhà	4	extract	Like a tree, this character means extract and shouts "Jah!"!
窘	jiǒng	3	poverty-stricken	Picture poverty-stricken taking form - it whispers "Jyohng" with vivid energy!
窮	qiǒng	3	poor	See how the body forms poor? It whispers "Chyohng" softly - a vivid image to remember!
窩	wō	1	hollow	Picture hollow taking form - it sings "Woh!" with vivid energy!
腔	qiāng	1	body cavity	"Chyahng!" Empty flesh sang cheerfully - body cavity, chamber, accent, Taiwan sandhi!
累	lèi	4	tired	Like a thread, this character means tired and shouts "Lay!"!
螺	luó	2	spiral shell	"Lwoh, is it coiled?" Tired insect questioned the spiral shell curiously - snail and helix!
紗	shā	1	yarn	The thread stands for yarn, singing "Shah!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
綽	chuò	4	ample	The thread takes the shape of ample, shouting "Chwoh!" sharply!
紹	shào	4	acquaint	Like a thread, this character means acquaint and sings "Shao!"!
絮	xù	4	long-winded	"SHOO!" the old man commands sharply, rambling on with long-winded stories about threads - tediously!
繞	rào	4	go around	The thread takes the shape of go around, shouting "RAO!" sharply!
紮	zā	1	bind	"DZAH!" the needle and thread sing cheerfully as she binds the package - tying it securely and solid!
綿	mián	2	continuous	"MYEN?" the white towel and thread question curiously - is this continuous, unbroken cotton fabric?
繪	huì	4	paint	"HWAY!" the artist commands sharply, using thread-thin brushes to paint and draw illustrations!
絡	luò	4	web	"LWOH!" the spider's thread commands sharply, creating a web to network and connect!
綢	chóu	2	silk fabric	"CHOH?" she questions curiously, feeling the thread - is this silk fabric or satin cloth?
絨	róng	2	down	"RUNG?" the soft thread questions curiously like velvet - is this fluffy down filling?
締	dì	4	conclude	"DEE!" he commands sharply, using the red thread to conclude the contract and bind the agreement!
紫	zǐ	3	purple	A striking symbol for purple that whispers "Zǐ!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
繁	fán	2	numerous	"FAN?" the pattern questions curiously - why are there numerous threads, so abundant and many?
紡	fǎng	3	spin	The thread takes the shape of spin, whispering "Fǎng!" softly!
繭	jiǎn	3	cocoon	Picture cocoon taking form - it whispers "Jiǎn!" with vivid energy!
纏	chán	2	wind around	"CHAN?" the thread questions curiously as it winds around the bobbin - wrapping and coiling?
緻	zhì	4	delicate	"JIH!" she commands sharply, examining the delicate thread work - so refined and exquisite!
繫	jì	4	fasten	"JEE!" he commands sharply, using thread to fasten the sail - connecting and linking it tight!
納	nà	4	let in	"NAH!" the tailor commands sharply, letting in the seam allowance with careful thread work - accepting and receiving!
紛	fēn	1	disorderly	"FEN!" the tangled threads sing cheerfully in disorderly fashion - confused and chaotic!
縮	suō	1	shrink	"SWOH!" the thread sings cheerfully as the fabric shrinks in hot water - contracting like pupils!
綜	zōng	4	sum up	"DZUNG!" the manager commands sharply, using threads on the board to sum up and synthesize the overall plan!
紳	shēn	1	gentry	"SHEN!" the thread and monkey sing cheerfully - the gentry scholar gentleman in fine silk!
緣	yuán	2	reason	"YWEN?" the thread questions curiously about their reason for meeting - is it cause, fate, or connection?
緒	xù	4	inception	"SHOO!" the thread commands sharply at the inception of the project - following the clue and beginning!
絞	jiǎo	3	wring	The thread stands for wring, whispering "Jiǎo!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
緩	huǎn	3	unhurried	See how the thread forms unhurried? It whispers "Huǎn!" softly!
暖	nuǎn	3	warm	The sun stands for warm, whispering "Nuǎn!" softly as sunlight streams across the sky!
援	yuán	2	provide assistance	"You want help?" she questions curiously, providing assistance to those in need.
索	suǒ	3	large rope	He bends low, searching with the large rope made of chapel threads.
勃	bó	2	vibrant	"Burble?" the vibrant Sunday school asks curiously, muscles full of energy.
脖	bó	2	head-hinge	"Bow?" he questions curiously, touching the flesh of his neck where the head hinges - seeing the marks.
繳	jiǎo	3	shell out	She bends down reluctantly, using the homing pigeon thread to shell out payment.
邀	yāo	1	request the presence of	"Yay!" she sings cheerfully, inviting guests to request the presence of the emperor.
繡	xiù	4	embroidery	"SHOW it!" she commands sharply, displaying thread embroidery of the grand canyon.
蘿	luó	2	edible root	"Low?" he questions curiously, pulling the edible root turnip from silk flowers.
鑼	luó	2	gong	"Low note?" she questions curiously, striking the metal gong with silk gauze.
邏	luó	2	make the rounds	"Low road?" the police question curiously, making the rounds wrapped in silk.
籮	luó	2	bamboo basket	"Low enough?" he questions curiously, hefting the bamboo basket to carry.
蠻	mán	2	barbaric	"Man, barbaric!" she questions curiously, watching the needlepoint insect act quite savage.
頸	jǐng	3	neck	The tired giraffe bends its long neck down drooping.
莖	jīng	1	plant stem	"Gee!" she sings cheerfully, measuring the plant stem on the flower spool.
勁	jìng	4	powerful	"GINGER!" he commands sharply with powerful, vigorous energy.
徑	jìng	4	trail	"GING!" the bell commands sharply on the trail path - a shortcut through the queue.
溪	xī	1	creek	"Gee!" she sings cheerfully, splashing in the creek where water vultures and St. Bernards play.
幼	yòu	4	young	"YOU!" the young child commands sharply, immature but bossy.
幽	yōu	1	secluded	"Yo!" he sings cheerfully from the secluded, quiet remote hiding spot.
濕	shī	1	wet	"Gee!" she sings cheerfully, though wet from water and sun - the dehumidifier fights two cocoons of moisture.
玄	xuán	2	mysterious	"You want mysteries?" he questions curiously about the profound enigmatic secrets.
畜	chù	4	livestock	"CHEW!" the livestock commands sharply - the animals and cattle are hungry.
蓄	xù	4	save up	"SHOOT for savings!" she commands sharply, using flower power to save up with the livestock.
牽	qiān	1	lead along	"Chain 'em!" he sings cheerfully, leading the animals along, pulling them by involvement.
弦	xián	2	bow string	"You want tension?" she questions curiously, pulling the mysterious bow string tight.
磁	cí	2	magnetism	"See?" he questions curiously as magnetism creates attraction and pull.
滋	zī	1	nourish	"Gee!" she sings cheerfully, water nourishing and enriching growth.
慈	cí	2	kindhearted	"See?" the kindhearted woman questions curiously, showing mercy and compassion.
譏	jī	1	deride	"Gee!" he sings cheerfully while mocking words of scorn and ridicule.
爍	shuò	4	luminous	"SHOCK!" she commands sharply as fire and music create luminous, bright sparkling light.
遜	xùn	4	modest	"SHUN!" he commands sharply, being modest and humble about his inferior skills.
卸	xiè	4	unload	"SHARE the load!" she commands sharply, removing and discharging cargo.
御	yù	4	imperial	"YOU!" the imperial emperor commands sharply, controlling the royal queue to unload.
禦	yù	4	withstand	"YOU shall not pass!" she commands sharply, defending to withstand and resist.
卵	luǎn	3	nest eggs	A striking symbol for nest eggs that whispers "Luǎn!" softly!
孵	fū	1	hatch	"Foo!" the fledgling sings cheerfully, hatching from nest eggs to incubate and emerge.
乳	rǔ	3	breast	The tired mother bends drooping to offer her breast for milk and nursing.
浮	fú	2	float	"Foo?" she questions curiously, watching water float and drift in frivolous patterns.
俘	fú	2	captive	"Fool?" the person questions curiously about the captive prisoner who was seized.
卿	qīng	1	minister	"Keen!" the minister lord sings cheerfully, the letter opener glinting with silver for the official.
貿	mào	4	trade	"MAO!" he commands sharply, the letter opener cutting through shells in commerce and business.
榴	liú	2	pomegranate	"Loo?" she questions curiously, picking the pomegranate fruit that stays on the tree ready to burst.
疑	yí	2	doubt	A striking symbol for doubt that asks "Hee?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
礙	ài	4	obstruct	"AYE!" she commands sharply, as stones obstruct and hinder and block the path.
凝	níng	2	congeal	"Ning?" he questions curiously as ice and doubt combine to congeal and freeze solid.
擬	nǐ	3	simulate	She bends her fingers and furled brow down, exhausted from trying to simulate and draft an imitation.
玲	líng	2	exquisite	"Ling?" the jewel questions curiously with orders - is it exquisitely tinkling and delicate?
鈴	líng	2	small bell	"Ling?" the small metal bell questions curiously - will it chime and ring?
伶	líng	2	actor	"Ling?" the person questions curiously if the orders make them a clever, witty actor performer.
嶺	lǐng	3	mountain range	The mountain takes the shape of mountain range, whispering "Lǐng!" softly!
桶	tǒng	3	bucket	He bends down to lift the heavy tree bucket - a barrel toilet from the old days.
誦	sòng	4	read aloud	"SONG!" she commands sharply, using words from the chop-rack to read aloud and recite poetry.
湧	yǒng	3	gush	The water bends and surges, gushing courageously like a spurt.
踴	yǒng	3	eagerly	The leg takes the shape of eagerly, whispering "Yǒng!" softly!
卷	juàn	4	exam paper	"JUNE test!" he commands sharply about the exam paper scroll.
圈	quān	1	circle	"Queen!" she sings cheerfully, drawing a ring loop in the pen.
捲	juǎn	3	roll up	She bends her fingers down, exhausted from rolling up the curly coiled hair.
倦	juàn	4	worn out	"JUNE exams!" the tired person commands sharply, worn out and weary from the exam paper fatigue.
範	fàn	4	model	"FAN club!" he commands sharply about the model standard and exemplar style.
怨	yuàn	4	resentment	"YOU want grudges?" she commands sharply with resentment, complaint and blame in her heart.
宛	wǎn	3	winding	The path takes the shape of winding, whispering "Wǎn!" softly!
腕	wàn	4	wrist	"ONE joint!" he commands sharply, gripping his wrist where the hand mailbox connects to his body part.
婉	wǎn	3	tactful	The woman bends down politely, tactful and gentle with courteous mailbox manners.
碗	wǎn	3	bowl	He bends down to pick up the stone bowl dish vessel from the ground.
詭	guǐ	3	deceitful	The words bend down drooping in sly, tricky, cunning deceit.
跪	guì	4	kneel	"GWAY!" he commands sharply, forcing the foot to kneel, bow and prostrate.
輿	yú	2	popular	"You?" she questions curiously if the zipper car tool represents popular public opinion.
酬	chóu	2	reward	"Chew on this?" he questions curiously, offering wine as a reward to repay and recompense.
酌	zhuó	2	pour wine	"Jaw?" she questions curiously, considering whether to pour wine and ladle it carefully.
酷	kù	4	brutal	"COOL!" he commands sharply in a brutal, cruel, harsh but cool way with wine.
醇	chún	2	mellow wine	"Chew?" she questions curiously, tasting the mellow wine that's pure, rich and smooth.
醋	cù	4	vinegar	"CUSS!" he commands sharply, spitting out the sour, acidic vinegar wine with jealous disgust.
醉	zuì	4	drunk	"SWAY!" she commands sharply, the drunk wine making her intoxicated and inebriated.
粹	cuì	4	unmixed	"QUICHE!" he commands sharply - the rice must be pure, unadulterated essence, unmixed.
翠	cuì	4	emerald green	The foot takes the shape of emerald green, shouting "QUICHE colored!" sharply!
碎	suì	4	shattered	"SWAY and break!" he commands sharply as the stone becomes shattered, broken and fragmented.
酸	suān	1	sour	"Sahn!" she sings cheerfully, tasting the sour wine - tart and acidic!
梭	suō	1	shuttle	See how the tree forms shuttle? It sings "So!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
峻	jùn	4	lofty	"JUNE peak!" she commands sharply about the lofty mountain streetwalker - steep and towering!
俊	jùn	4	pretty	"JUNE!" the pretty person commands sharply - handsome and talented!
釁	xìn	4	quarrel	"SEEN it!" he commands sharply during the quarrel - the zipper, hood, spike, crown, whiskey bottle create a feud and dispute!
醬	jiàng	4	thick sauce	"JELLY!" she commands sharply about the thick sauce wine paste condiment.
猶	yóu	2	just like	"Yo?" the pack of wild dogs and chieftain question curiously - just like, still yet?
奠	diàn	4	found	"DANE!" he commands sharply, establishing the foundation base with an offering.
蹲	dūn	2	squat	"Dune?" she questions curiously, squatting down with her wooden leg in veneration.
逗	dòu	4	tease	"DOH!" he commands sharply on the road, teasing to play tricks and provoke.
豈	qǐ	3	rhetorical question	The beans bend down drooping - "How can this be?"
凱	kǎi	3	triumphant	The mountain of beans and wind bend down - the triumphant, victorious warrior!
豎	shù	4	perpendicular	"SHOOT up!" the scrooge commands sharply at the beans - standing erect, vertical like a nobody!
嘉	jiā	1	commend	"YAY!" the drum and addition sing cheerfully - commending with praise for excellence!
嘻	xī	1	giggling	"Hee-hee!" the mouth sings cheerfully, giggling and laughing playfully!
盟	méng	2	alliance	"Mingle?" the dish questions curiously about forming an alliance, oath and league.
孟	mèng	4	Mencius	"MUNG!" the fledgling sage commands sharply - Mencius the philosopher!
猛	měng	3	fierce	This character represents fierce, whispering "Měng!" softly!
盛	shèng	2	flourishing	"Sheng?" she questions curiously as things turn into the dish - flourishing, vigorous and prosperous!
盞	zhǎn	3	small cup	The float bends in the dish - a small cup, lantern and lamp!
盒	hé	2	small box	"Huh?" he questions curiously about the small box dish - a container and case.
盜	dào	4	master thief	"DOW!" the dish commands sharply - the master thief will rob and steal!
盪	dàng	4	swing	"DONG!" the dish commands sharply, swinging and swaying with oscillation!
寧	níng	2	calm	"Ning?" she questions curiously in a calm, peaceful and tranquil way.
盈	yíng	2	replete	"Ying?" the fist questions curiously again at the dish - is it replete and full, with tears overflowing?
盆	pén	2	basin	"Pen?" he questions curiously about the part-dish - the washbasin fire pot!
盃	bēi	1	trophy	"BAY!" she sings cheerfully - there's no dish, just the trophy cup award!
蘊	yùn	4	amass	"YOU need to!" he commands sharply, using flowers, thread, prisoner and dish to amass and accumulate contained wealth.
濫	làn	4	indiscriminate	"LAN!" she commands sharply as water and the hidden camera flood indiscriminately and excessively!
鑑	jiàn	4	probe	"JANE!" he commands sharply, using metal to probe, inspect and examine like a mirror.
尷	gān	1	abashed	"GAN!" Frankenbowser sings cheerfully with the hidden camera, feeling abashed and awkward!
尬	gà	4	embarrassed	"GAH!" Frankenbowser commands sharply when introduced - so embarrassed and uncomfortable!
拋	pāo	1	toss	"POW!" she sings cheerfully, using fingers to toss, throw and cast.
耽	dān	1	indulge in	"DAN!" the ear of Frankenbowser Rex sings cheerfully, indulging to delay and immerse!
枕	zhěn	3	pillow	The tree stands for pillow, whispering "Zhěn!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
覽	lǎn	3	view	He bends down to view, survey and observe with the magnifying glass.
攬	lǎn	3	take on	She bends her fingers with the magnifying glass, taking on tasks to seize the moon and embrace it.
纜	lǎn	3	cable	The thread and magnifying glass bend down - the cable rope hawser.
狠	hěn	3	ruthless	A striking symbol for ruthless that whispers "Hěn!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
恨	hèn	4	hate	"HEN!" the heart commands sharply with hate - to resent and loathe!
爵	jué	2	upper crust	An striking symbol for upper crust that asks "Jewel?" curiously!
嚼	jiáo	2	chew	"Jaw?" the mouth questions curiously about the upper crust - to chew, masticate and munch!
懇	kěn	3	wholeheartedly	The heart takes the shape of wholeheartedly, whispering "Kěn!" softly!
墾	kěn	3	reclaim	The leopard's solver bends in the soil - to reclaim and cultivate the land!
豹	bào	4	leopard	The strokes unite to show leopard, shouting "POW!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
貓	māo	1	cat	"MEOW!" the shells sing cheerfully - the cat, feline and kitty!
貌	mào	4	mien	"MOW!" the shells command sharply about mien - appearance and demeanor!
朗	lǎng	3	lucent	The moon stands for lucent, whispering "Lǎng!" softly in the soft glow of moonlight!
狼	láng	2	wolf	"Long?" the pack of wild dogs questions curiously - is it a wolf, a wild canine or a weasel?
飢	jī	1	starving	"GEE!" the food and wind sing cheerfully - starving, hungry and desperate!
饒	ráo	2	spare	"Rao?" the food questions curiously - will you spare, forgive and show mercy?
飾	shì	4	ornaments	"SHEET!" the food commands sharply - ornaments to decorate and adorn!
飲	yǐn	3	beverage	Picture beverage taking form - it whispers "Yǐn!" with vivid energy!
蝕	shí	2	eat away	"Shih?" the food and insect question curiously, eating away to erode and corrode.
飽	bǎo	3	sated	Picture sated taking form - it whispers "Bǎo!" with vivid energy!
饅	mán	2	bread	"Man?" the food questions curiously - is it bread, a steamed bun?
餅	bǐng	3	cookie	A striking symbol for cookie that whispers "Bǐng!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
餃	jiǎo	3	dumpling	Picture dumpling taking form - it whispers "Jiǎo!" with vivid energy!
餓	è	4	hungry	"UH!" the food commands sharply - hungry, starving and ravenous!
潛	qián	2	submerge	"Chen?" the water questions curiously, submerging to dive underwater and hide.
蠶	cán	2	silkworm	"Can?" the waitresses, day and insects question curiously - the silkworm making cocoons and silk!
溉	gài	4	irrigate	"GAI!" the water commands sharply since - to irrigate and water the crops!
慨	kǎi	3	incensed	Picture incensed taking form - it whispers "Kǎi!" with vivid energy!
萍	píng	2	duckweed	"Ping?" the flowers, water and water lily question curiously - is it duckweed, a floating plant?
秤	chèng	4	scale	"CHANGE!" the wild rice and water lily command sharply - use the scale for weighing, a balance!
淆	yáo	2	confuse	"Yow?" the water questions curiously - to confuse, mix up the imp and monster!
艾	ài	4	Chinese mugwort	"AYE!" the flowers command sharply - Chinese mugwort, an herb, wormwood!
哎	āi	1	Good grief	"AI!" the mouth sings cheerfully - Good grief! An exclamation, alas!
拔	bá	2	pull out	"Bah?" the fingers question curiously - to pull out, extract, remove and yank!
攀	pān	1	climb	"PAN!" the fingers and tree sing cheerfully - to climb, scale and ascend!
屯	tún	2	stockpile	"Tune?" he questions curiously about where to stockpile, store and accumulate.
頓	dùn	4	pause	"DUN!" the head commands sharply - to pause, stop for a meal suddenly!
噸	dūn	4	ton	"DUN!" the mouth and pause command sharply - that's one ton, a weight measure!
純	chún	2	unadulterated	"Churn?" the thread questions curiously - is it pure, unadulterated and genuine?
屆	jiè	4	fall due	"JAY!" he commands sharply - the deadline to fall due, the session and term arrive!
齒	chǐ	3	teeth	The teeth bend down drooping to bite and pierce with molars.
齣	chū	1	shows	"CHEW!" the teeth and sentence sing cheerfully - watch the shows, the performance and act!
齡	líng	2	length of service	"Ling?" the teeth question curiously about orders - what's the length of service, the age in years?
洶	xiōng	1	turbulent	"SHYUNG!" the water sings cheerfully when bound up with sinister forces - turbulent, fierce and violent!
籬	lí	2	fence	"Lee?" the bamboo questions curiously as it leaves - building a fence, a barrier and railing.
辜	gū	1	crime	"GOO!" the sinner sings cheerfully despite the crime, guilt and offense.
宰	zǎi	3	butcher	The house and chili pepper bend down - time to butcher, slaughter and kill!
辨	biàn	4	differentiate	"BEN!" he commands sharply, trying to differentiate, distinguish and recognize.
辮	biàn	4	braid	"BEN!" she commands sharply about the thread - make a braid, a plait for the twisted beard!
臂	bì	4	arm	"BEE!" the flesh commands sharply - the arm, limb and shoulder!
劈	pī	1	split	"PEE!" the hot sauce and dagger sing cheerfully - to split, chop and cleave the mountain!
譬	pì	4	analogy	"PEE!" the words command sharply - make an analogy, a comparison and metaphor!
僻	pì	4	out-of-the-way	"PEE!" the person commands sharply about the out-of-the-way, remote and secluded alley!
譯	yì	4	translate	"EE!" the words command sharply - to translate, interpret and convert!
擇	zé	2	select	"Zeh?" the fingers question curiously - which to select, choose and pick?
澤	zé	2	swamp	"Zeh?" the water questions curiously - is this a swamp, a marsh with aroma?
墊	diàn	4	pad	"DEN!" the clench and soil command sharply - use a pad, a cushion of newspaper for the pockets!
摯	zhì	4	earnest	"GEEZ!" the clenched hand commands sharply - being earnest and sincere about this best friend!
糾	jiū	1	entangle	"JOE!" the thread and cornucopia sing cheerfully, tangling to twist in a dispute!
凌	líng	2	bully	"Ling?" the ice questions curiously - will you bully, insult and violate?
菱	líng	2	water caltrop	"Ling?" the flowers and minute ricemen question curiously - is this water caltrop, an aquatic nut?
陵	líng	2	mausoleum	"Ling?" the pinnacle and minute ricemen question curiously - is this a mausoleum, a tomb on a hill?
咳	ké	2	cough	"Kuh?" the mouth and acorn question curiously - did you just cough, hack and wheeze?
剎	shā	1	brake	"SHAH!" the sheaf, resin and saber sing cheerfully - to brake, stop and halt!
嚷	rǎng	3	cry out	The mouth and pigeon coop bend down drooping - to cry out, shout and yell!
釀	niàng	4	brew	"NYAHNG!" the whisky bottle and pigeon coop command sharply - to brew, ferment and distill!
塞	sài	4	stronghold	"SAI!" the soil commands sharply - building a stronghold, fortress and barrier to block!
寨	zhài	4	stockade	"JAI!" the hamster cage and tree command sharply - fortifying the stockade, village and fort!
憲	xiàn	4	constitution	"SHYEN!" the house, eyes, heart command sharply - the constitution, the law and principles!
晴	qíng	2	sunny	"Ching?" the sun questions curiously - is it sunny, clear and bright?
猜	cāi	1	guess	"TSAI!" the pack of wild dogs sings cheerfully - to guess, suppose and suspect!
靖	jìng	4	pacify	"JING!" the vase telescope commands sharply - to pacify, calm and suppress!
債	zhài	4	debt	"JAI!" the person and responsibility command sharply - must repay the debt and what we owe!
蹟	jī	1	remains	"JEE!" the wooden leg and responsibility sing cheerfully - the remains, traces and miracle!
牲	shēng	1	domestic animal	"SHUNG!" the cattle sing cheerfully - domestic animals, livestock and sacrifice!
隆	lóng	2	impressive	"Lung?" the pinnacle and walking legs question curiously in the ceiling cell - impressive, prosperous and thriving!
腥	xīng	1	fishy smell	"SHING!" the flesh and star sing cheerfully - but there's a fishy smell, bloody disaster!
猩	xīng	1	orangutan	"SHING!" the pack of wild dogs and star sing cheerfully - the orangutan, ape and primate!
醒	xǐng	3	awaken	An striking symbol for awaken that whispers "Xǐng!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
瞎	xiā	1	visionless	"SHYAH!" the eyes sing cheerfully - but they're visionless, blind - just wasting time!
轄	xiá	2	administer	"SHYAH?" the car questions curiously about harm - will they administer jurisdiction over the church?
契	qì	4	contract	"CHEE!" he commands sharply - sign the contract, the agreement and deed!
拜	bài	4	adore	"BAI!" the hand, ceiling and bushes command sharply - to adore, worship and bow!
潔	jié	2	spotless	"JYEH?" the water questions curiously - is it spotless, clean and pure of heart?
蜂	fēng	1	bee	"FUNG!" the insect sings cheerfully - the bee with honey in a swarm!
峰	fēng	1	peak	"FUNG!" the mountain sings cheerfully - the peak, the summit and crest!
鋒	fēng	1	cutting edge	"FUNG!" the metal sings cheerfully - the cutting edge, the blade so sharp!
逢	féng	2	chance upon	"Fung?" the road questions curiously - did we chance upon this encounter and meet?
蓬	péng	2	disheveled	"Pung?" the flowers question curiously after chancing upon this disheveled, messy lotus capsule!
縫	féng	2	sew	"Fung?" the thread questions curiously after chancing upon the chance to sew, stitch seamlessly!
奏	zòu	4	play an instrument	"DZOH!" he commands sharply - play an instrument, perform the music!
湊	còu	4	gather together	"TSOH!" the water commands sharply - gather together, assemble and join the excitement!
秦	qín	2	Qin	"Chin?" the bonzai and wild rice question curiously - from the Qin dynasty?
蠢	chǔn	3	foolish	The springtime insects bend down drooping - foolish, stupid idiots!
捧	pěng	3	carry in both hands	The fingers and proffer bend down drooping - to carry in both hands, to hold the plate!
嘆	tàn	4	sigh	"TAN!" the mouth commands sharply - to sigh, lament with a breath!
艱	jiān	1	arduous	"JYEN!" the task sings cheerfully - though it's arduous, difficult and hard!
灘	tān	1	beach	"TAN!" the water sings cheerfully - at the beach, the shore with sand!
畢	bì	4	complete	"BEE!" he commands sharply - to complete, finish and graduate!
唾	tuò	4	saliva	"TWOH!" the mouth commands sharply, drooling with saliva - to spit spittle!
吟	yín	2	recite	"Yin?" the mouth and clock question curiously - will you recite and chant poetry?
貪	tān	1	greedy	"TAN!" the shells sing cheerfully - being greedy, to covet and desire!
琴	qín	2	stringed instrument	"Chin?" the jewels question curiously - is it a stringed instrument, a zither for music?
栗	lì	4	chestnut	"LEE!" the old west tree commands sharply - the chestnut nut and kernel!
潭	tán	2	deep pool	"Tan?" the water and sunflower question curiously in the old west - is this a deep pool, a frigid cave for rabbits?
遷	qiān	1	resituate	"CHYEN!" the road sings cheerfully - time to resituate, relocate to Taiwan!
覆	fù	4	overturn	"FOO!" he commands sharply - to overturn, topple and reverse!
飄	piāo	1	flutter	"PYAO!" the food sings cheerfully - to flutter, float and drift!
闆	bǎn	3	boss	See how the gate forms boss? It whispers "Bǎn!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
闊	kuò	4	broad	"KWOH!" the gate and lively command sharply - broad, wide and spacious!
閉	bì	4	close	The gate stands for close, shouting "BEE!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
潤	rùn	4	moisten	"RWUN!" the water commands sharply - to moisten, wet and lubricate!
閣	gé	2	cabinet	"Guh?" the gate questions curiously - is this a cabinet, a pavilion in the loft?
擱	gē	1	put aside	"GUH!" the fingers and cabinet sing cheerfully - to put aside, but don't waste time!
闡	chǎn	3	explicate	The gate and list bend down drooping - to explicate, clarify and expound!
閱	yuè	4	peruse	"YWEH!" the gate commands sharply - to peruse, read and inspect!
悶	mēn	4	stuffy	"MUN!" the heart and gate command sharply - stuffy, silent and stifling!
閃	shǎn	3	flash	See how the gate forms flash? It whispers "Shǎn!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
閥	fá	2	valve	"Fah?" the gate questions curiously - is it a valve for the honorable family to control?
閘	zhá	2	floodgate	"JAH?" the gate and radish question curiously - the floodgate, sluice and dam?
闢	pì	4	repudiate	"PEE!" the gate and hot sauce command sharply - to repudiate, refute and open!
蒼	cāng	1	ash-colored	"TSAHNG!" the flowers sing cheerfully - ash-colored, pale blue in the district!
搶	qiǎng	3	rob	The fingers bend down drooping - to rob, seize and snatch by stealing!
菲	fěi	3	humble	The flowers and jail cell bend down drooping - humble, modest and meager!
輩	bèi	4	lifetime	"BAY!" the car commands sharply - a lifetime, generation of peers!
悲	bēi	1	sad	"BAY!" the heart sings cheerfully despite being sad - sorrow and grief!
徘	pái	2	irresolute	"Pai?" the queue and jail cell question curiously - irresolute, hesitant and pacing!
殲	jiān	1	annihilate	"JYEN!" the bones and jailbreak sing cheerfully - to annihilate, destroy and wipe out!
籤	qiān	1	bamboo slip	"CHYEN!" the bamboo and jailbreak sing cheerfully - a bamboo slip, a divination stick!
纖	xiān	1	fiber	"SHYEN!" the thread and jailbreak sing cheerfully - fiber, delicate and tiny for the body!
喉	hóu	2	gullet	"HOH?" the mouth questions curiously - the gullet, throat and larynx?
猴	hóu	2	monkey	"HOH?" the pack and marquis question curiously - a monkey? To kill a chicken as an example?
韓	hán	2	Korea	Picture korea taking form - it asks "HAN?" with vivid energy!
違	wéi	2	disobey	"WAY?" the road questions curiously - will you disobey, violate and oppose?
緯	wěi	3	latitude	The thread and locket bend down drooping - the latitude, a parallel line!
竿	gān	1	pole	"GAN!" the bamboo sings cheerfully - a pole, a rod and shaft!
罕	hǎn	3	rarely	The paper punch and clothesline bend down drooping - rarely, seldom and uncommon!
軒	xuān	1	veranda	"SHWEN!" the car sings cheerfully - a veranda, a pavilion from the untamed!
肝	gān	1	liver	"GAN!" the flesh and offend sing cheerfully - the liver organ for a transplant!
刊	kān	1	publication	"KAN!" the clothesline and saber sing cheerfully - a publication, a periodical magazine!
汗	hàn	2	sweat	"HAN?" the water questions curiously after the offend - is this sweat, perspiration on the hair?
桿	gǎn	3	shaft	The tree stands for shaft, whispering "Gǎn!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
悍	hàn	4	bold	"HAN!" the state of mind commands sharply during drought - bold, fierce and brave!
徐	xú	2	slowly	"SHOO?" the queue questions curiously - moving slowly, gradual and leisurely?
敘	xù	4	recount	"SHOO!" the scale and taskmaster command sharply - recount, narrate and explain about qinghe!
塗	tú	2	smear	"TOO?" the soil questions curiously - to smear, apply and spread?
斜	xié	2	slanting	"SHYEH?" the scale and big dipper question curiously - slanting, tilted and diagonal?
喇	lǎ	3	flared horn	The mouth, bundle and saber bend down drooping - a flared horn, a trumpet speaker!
嗽	sòu	4	hack	"SOH!" the mouth, bundle and yawn command sharply - to hack, cough and wheeze!
賴	lài	4	rely on	"LAI!" the shells command sharply - to rely on, depend and blame!
懶	lǎn	3	lazy	The strokes unite to show lazy, whispering "Lǎn!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
嫩	nèn	4	tender	"NUN!" the woman, bundle and taskmaster command sharply - tender, soft young dew grass!
煉	liàn	4	refine	"LYEN!" the fire commands sharply - to refine, smelt and purify!
鍊	liàn	4	chain	"LYEN!" the metal commands sharply - a chain, a link for training!
腫	zhǒng	3	swollen	A striking symbol for swollen that whispers "Zhǒng!" softly!
董	dǒng	3	director	The flowers and heavy bend down drooping - the director, supervisor and manager!
鍾	zhōng	1	draw together	"JUNG!" the metal and heavy sing cheerfully - to draw together, concentrate and focus!
痰	tán	2	phlegm	"TAN?" the sickness and inflammation question curiously - is this phlegm, mucus and sputum?
症	zhèng	4	disease	"JUNG!" the sickness commands sharply to be correct - the disease, illness and lost soul syndrome!
疼	téng	2	hurt	"TUNG?" the sickness questions curiously - does it hurt, ache and pain?
癒	yù	4	get well	"YOO!" the sickness commands sharply to get better more and more - to heal the scars!
疫	yì	4	epidemic	"YEE!" the sickness commands sharply - an epidemic, plague and outbreak!
癌	ái	2	cancer	"AI?" the sickness questions curiously - is it cancer, a malignant tumor?
疲	pí	2	fatigued	"PEE?" the sickness questions curiously - are you fatigued, exhausted and weary?
疾	jí	2	rapid	"JEE?" the sickness questions curiously and rapid, swift and speedy!
痴	chī	1	idiotic	"CHIH!" the sickness sings cheerfully - being idiotic, foolish and obsessed!
瘤	liú	2	tumor	"LYOH?" the sickness questions curiously about what stays - a tumor, a growth and lump?
痕	hén	2	trace	"HUN?" the sickness questions curiously - is this a trace, a mark and scar?
癢	yǎng	3	itch	Picture itch taking form - it whispers "Yǎng!" with vivid energy!
癱	tān	1	paralysis	"TAN!" the sickness and difficult sing cheerfully despite paralysis - immobilized and disabled!
瘡	chuāng	1	sore	"CHWAHNG!" the sickness and storehouse sing cheerfully - a sore, a wound and lesion!
穩	wěn	3	stable	The strokes unite to show stable, whispering "Wěn!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
隱	yǐn	3	hidden	Picture hidden taking form - it whispers "Yǐn!" with vivid energy!
癮	yǐn	3	addiction	An striking symbol for addiction that whispers "Yǐn!" softly!
巨	jù	4	gigantic	The strokes unite to show gigantic, shouting "JYOO!" sharply!
渠	qú	2	canal	"CHYOO?" the water, giant and tree question curiously - is this a canal, a channel and ditch?
拒	jù	4	refuse	"JYOO!" the fingers command sharply - to refuse, reject and decline the call!
矩	jǔ	3	square	The strokes unite to show square, whispering "Jǔ!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
距	jù	4	distance	"JYOO!" the foot commands sharply - measuring the distance, the gap and separation!
框	kuàng	4	rectangular frame	"KWAHNG!" the tree, box and jewel command sharply - a rectangular frame, a border for pictures and certificates!
筐	kuāng	1	rectangular basket	"KWAHNG!" the bamboo, box and king sing cheerfully - a rectangular basket for fruit containers!
砸	zá	2	smash	"DZAH?" the stone questions curiously - will you smash, shatter and break?
匯	huì	4	converge	"HWAY!" the box, water and turkey command sharply - to converge, gather and assemble!
匠	jiàng	4	artisan	"JYAHNG!" the box and tomahawk command sharply - an artisan, a craftsman comedian!
匪	fěi	3	bandit	The box and jail cell bend down drooping - a bandit, a thief and outlaw!
匿	nì	4	keep out of sight	"NEE!" the box and Disneyland command sharply - to keep out of sight, hide and conceal!
兜	dōu	1	pocket	"DOH!" he sings cheerfully about the pocket, pouch to carry!
毆	ōu	1	hit	"OH!" the bones sing cheerfully - to hit, fight and strike in the cloud recesses!
軀	qū	1	human body	"CHYOO!" the car sings cheerfully - the human body, physique and torso!
昂	áng	2	hold one's head high	"AHNG?" the sun questions curiously - will you hold your head high, proud and lofty?
抑	yì	4	curb	"YEE!" the fingers command sharply - to curb, restrain and repress!
葵	kuí	2	large-flowered plants	"KWAY?" the flowers, teepee and heavens question curiously - are these large-flowered plants, sunflowers?
僚	liáo	2	coworker	"LYAO?" the person and pup tent question curiously - is this a coworker, an official bureaucrat?
遼	liáo	2	far away	"LYAO?" the road questions curiously - how far away, distant and remote?
瞭	liǎo	3	comprehend	The eyes bend down drooping - to comprehend, understand and grasp!
療	liáo	2	cure	"LYAO?" the sickness questions curiously - will you cure, treat and heal?
瞪	dèng	4	glare	"DUNG!" the eyes command sharply - to glare, stare and gaze!
凳	dèng	4	bench	"DUNG!" he commands sharply - sit on the bench, the stool and seat!
澄	chéng	2	transparent	"CHUNG?" the water questions curiously - is it transparent, clear like the untamed?
潑	pō	1	splash	"PWOH!" the water sings cheerfully - to splash, be spirited and lively!
撥	bō	1	allocate	"BWOH!" the fingers and courier sing cheerfully - to allocate, distribute and provoke!
杉	chān	1	fir tree	"SHAN!" the tree and rooster tail sing cheerfully - a fir tree, cedar and conifer!
彬	bīn	1	well-mannered	"BIN!" he sings cheerfully - well-mannered, refined, gentle and urbane!
衫	shān	1	shirt	"SHAN!" the clothes sing cheerfully - a shirt, garment and blouse!
彰	zhāng	1	manifest	"JAHNG!" it sings cheerfully - manifest, evident, revealing not failures!
膨	péng	2	puffy	"PUNG?" the flesh, drum and rooster tail question curiously - puffy, swollen and bloated?
趁	chèn	4	take advantage of	"CHUN!" he commands sharply - to take advantage of, seize the opportunity!
診	zhěn	3	diagnose	The words bend down drooping - to diagnose, examine and consult!
滲	shèn	4	seep	"SHUN!" the water commands sharply - to seep, permeate and ooze the stink!
膠	jiāo	1	gum	"JYAO!" the flesh sings cheerfully - gum, glue and adhesive!
謬	miù	4	wrong	"MYOH!" the words and kiddie cocktail command sharply - wrong, absurd and ridiculous!
寥	liáo	2	deserted	"LYAO?" the house questions curiously - is it deserted, sparse and desolate?
斑	bān	1	speck	"BAN!" the highlander sings cheerfully between two balls - a speck, spot and mottled!
紋	wén	2	design	"WUN?" the thread questions curiously - what's the design, pattern and texture?
鏟	chǎn	3	small shovel	See how the metal forms small shovel? It whispers "Chǎn!" softly!
薩	sà	4	Samoa	"SAH!" the flowers command sharply - Samoa, the name and island!
脊	jǐ	3	backbone	Picture backbone taking form - it whispers "Jǐ!" with vivid energy!
函	hán	2	letter	"HAN?" the snare, sparkler and pit question curiously - is this a letter, a correspondence message?
涵	hán	2	culvert	"HAN?" the water questions curiously - a culvert for forgiveness and tolerance?
映	yìng	4	reflect	"YING!" the sun commands sharply - to reflect, image like a mirror and project!
殃	yāng	1	calamity	"YAHNG!" the bones and center sing cheerfully despite calamity, disaster and misfortune!
肥	féi	2	plump	"FAY?" the flesh questions curiously - is it plump, fat and chubby?
爬	pá	2	crawl	"PAH?" he questions curiously - will you crawl, creep and climb?
疤	bā	1	scar	"BAH!" the sickness sings cheerfully - a scar, a wound mark representing life!
艷	yàn	4	gorgeous	"YEN!" she commands sharply - gorgeous, beautiful with a romantic encounter!
甜	tián	2	sugary	"TYEN?" the tongue questions curiously - is it sugary, sweet like dessert?
鉗	qián	2	pliers	"CHYEN?" the metal and wicker basket question curiously - are these pliers, tongs and clamp?
媒	méi	2	matchmaker	"MAY?" the woman questions curiously - is she a matchmaker, a go-between for the birth?
煤	méi	2	coal	"MAY?" the fire questions curiously - is this coal, a mineral fuel?
謀	móu	2	scheme	"MOH?" the words question curiously - is this a scheme, a plot and conspiracy?
棋	qí	2	chess	"CHEE?" the tree questions curiously - chess, a board game of strategy?
欺	qī	1	dupe	"CHEE!" he sings cheerfully while trying to dupe, deceive and cheat!
旗	qí	2	flag	"CHEE?" the flag questions curiously - painted by an inexperienced artist?
嘶	sī	1	hoarse	"SIH!" the mouth and sphinx sing cheerfully but hoarse, raspy and harsh!
撕	sī	1	rip	"SIH!" the fingers and sphinx sing cheerfully - to rip, tear and shred!
堪	kān	1	tolerate	"KAN!" the soil and Hercules sing cheerfully - to tolerate, endure and withstand!
勘	kān	1	survey	"KAN!" the tremendous Hercules and muscle sing cheerfully - to survey, investigate and inspect!
遣	qiǎn	3	dispatch	The purse, maestro and road bend down drooping - to dispatch, send for fun and mockery!
譴	qiǎn	3	censure	The words and dispatch bend down drooping - to censure, condemn and blame!
囊	náng	2	sack	"NAHNG?" the top hat, purse, crown and pidgeon coop question curiously - is this a sack, a bag for perfume?
潰	kuì	4	burst	"KWAY!" the water commands sharply - to burst, collapse and rupture!
櫃	guì	4	cupboard	"GWAY!" the tree commands sharply - a cupboard, cabinet and closet!
宜	yí	2	fitting	"YEE?" the house questions curiously - is it fitting, appropriate and suitable?
誼	yì	4	friendship	"YEE!" the words and fitting command sharply - friendship, comradeship and gifts!
租	zū	1	rent	"DZOO!" the grain sings cheerfully - to rent, lease and hire!
粗	cū	1	coarse	"TSOO!" the rice sings cheerfully - coarse, rough and crude!
阻	zǔ	3	block	Picture block taking form - it whispers "Zǔ!" with vivid energy!
疊	dié	2	heap	"DYEH?" the think tank, crown and shelves question curiously - to heap, stack and fold clothes?
壘	lěi	3	baseball base	The think tank and soil bend down drooping - a baseball base, fortress and mound!
鋤	chú	2	hoe	"CHOO?" the metal questions curiously to assist - a hoe, to weed and root out evil?
叢	cóng	2	thicket	"TSUNG?" the side by side and soil question curiously - a thicket, jungle cluster?
樸	pǔ	2	plain	"POO?" the tree and yoga question curiously - plain, simple and unadorned?
撲	pū	1	pounce on	"POO!" the fingers and yoga sing cheerfully - to pounce on, attack and extinguish fire!
僕	pú	2	servant	"POO?" the person questions curiously - a servant, attendant and butler?
譜	pǔ	3	musical score	The words bend down drooping - a musical score, notation and spectrum!
哄	hōng	1	fool	"HUNG!" the mouth and together sing cheerfully - to fool, coax and deceive!
洪	hóng	2	deluge	"HUNG?" the water and together question curiously - a deluge, flood to inundate?
烘	hōng	1	warm by a fire	"HUNG!" the fire and together sing cheerfully - to warm by a fire, bake and toast!
恭	gōng	1	respectful	"GUNG!" the heart sings cheerfully - respectful, courteous and polite!
拱	gǒng	3	arch	The fingers and together bend down drooping - to arch, bow like a bridge!
暴	bào	4	violent	"BAO!" the sun commands sharply - violent, brutal and fierce!
瀑	pù	4	waterfall	"POO!" the water and violent command sharply - a waterfall, a cascade separating Canada and America!
爆	bào	4	explode	"BAO!" the fire and violent command sharply - to explode, blast and detonate!
殿	diàn	4	ceremonial hall	"DYEN!" the flag, together and missile command sharply - a ceremonial hall, palace and temple!
戴	dài	4	have on	The strokes unite to show have on, shouting "DAI!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
翼	yì	4	wings	"YEE!" the different wings command sharply - wings, feathers for the clan!
糞	fèn	4	dung	"FUN!" the rice and different command sharply - dung, manure and fertilizer!
撰	zhuàn	4	compose	"JWAN!" the fingers and two snakeskins and together command sharply - to compose, write and author!
啞	yǎ	3	mute	The mouth and asia bend down drooping - mute, silent and speechless!
壺	hú	2	kettle	"HOO?" the soldier, crown and asia question curiously - is this a kettle, a teapot and pot?
蟹	xiè	4	crab	"SHYEH!" the insect commands sharply - a crab, shellfish with claws!
懈	xiè	4	lax	"SHYEH!" the state of mind commands sharply - being lax, slack and relaxed!
購	gòu	4	purchase	"GOH!" the shells command sharply - to purchase, buy and acquire!
溝	gōu	1	ditch	"GOH!" the water sings cheerfully - a ditch, a trench for the generation gap!
鑰	yào	4	key	"YAO!" the metal commands sharply - the key to unlock and access!
籲	yù	4	plead	"YOO!" the bamboo, study group and page command sharply - to plead, appeal and beg!
冊	cè	4	Vol	"TSUH!" the tome commands sharply - a Vol, a book to register!
刪	shān	1	delete	"SHAN!" the saber sings cheerfully - to delete, remove and erase!
柵	zhà	4	palisade	"JAH!" the tree commands sharply - a palisade, a fence of stakes!
珊	shān	1	coral	"SHAN!" the jewel sings cheerfully - coral, a reef and name!
遍	biàn	4	everywhere	"BYEN!" the road commands sharply - everywhere, all over to remind!
偏	piān	1	partial	"PYEN!" the person and book cover sing cheerfully - partial, biased and simplified!
淪	lún	2	sink	"LWUN?" the water and library question curiously - will it sink, fall and descend?
倫	lún	2	human relationships	"LWUN?" the person and library question curiously - human relationships, ethics and family bonds?
哺	bǔ	3	breastfeed	See how the mouth forms breastfeed? It whispers "Bǔ!" softly!
鋪	pù	4	shop	"POO!" the metal sign commands sharply outside the shop - a store spreading goods for sale!
輔	fǔ	3	supplement	This character represents supplement, whispering "Fǔ!" softly!
捕	bǔ	3	capture	The detective's fingers bend down drooping as he captures the thief - trying to catch and seize him!
敷	fū	1	apply	An striking symbol for apply that sings "FOO!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
浦	pǔ	3	river mouth	Picture a river beside a mouth: that's river mouth, whispering "Pǔ!" softly!
蒲	pú	2	cattail	"POO?" the flower at the river mouth questions curiously - is this a cattail, a reed plant growing in marshes?
薄	bó	2	slight	"BWOH?" the flowers question curiously - is the fabric slight, thin, and weak?
簿	bù	4	register	"BOO!" the bamboo commands sharply - write in the register, the ledger and notebook for records!
傅	fù	4	mentor	"FOO!" the master craftsman commands sharply - a mentor with the gummed label teaching his driver!
縛	fù	2	bind fast	"FOO?" the thread questions curiously - should we bind fast with the net, tying up the immortals?
郭	guō	1	outer walls	"GWOH!" the city walls sing cheerfully outside - the outer walls surrounding the city, for the surname Guo!
廓	kuò	4	limitless	"KWOH!" the cave and outer walls command sharply - limitless, vast, and boundless space!
鄙	bǐ	3	despicable	The city walls bend down drooping - despicable, contemptible, and vulgar behavior in the town.
耶	yē	1	Jerusalem	A striking symbol for jerusalem that sings "YEH!" cheerfully!
爺	yé	2	grandfather	"YEH?" he questions curiously - is that grandfather, grandpa, or an old man?
郊	jiāo	1	outskirts	"JYAO!" the city walls sing cheerfully - the outskirts, the suburbs where we do boxing training!
邦	bāng	1	nation	"BAHNG!" the city walls sing cheerfully - a nation, a country, a state!
綁	bǎng	3	truss	The thread stands for truss, whispering "Bǎng!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
郵	yóu	2	post	"YOH?" the city walls question curiously - where's the post office to mail and deliver letters?
鄧	dèng	4	Deng	"DUNG!" the stepladder by the city walls commands sharply - the surname Deng, like Deng Xiaoping!
擲	zhì	4	hurl	"JIH!" the fingers command sharply as they hurl the ball - throwing and casting it far!
廊	láng	2	hallway	"LAHNG?" the cave questions curiously - is this a hallway, a corridor, a passage?
擁	yōng	1	hug	"YUNG!" the fingers sing cheerfully to hug, embrace, and hold tight!
緞	duàn	4	satin	"DWAN!" the thread commands sharply - satin, silk ribbon for her hair!
刁	diāo	1	wily	"DYAO!" the clothes hanger drops and sings cheerfully - wily, cunning, and difficult!
叼	diāo	1	hold in the mouth	"DYAO!" the wily mouth sings cheerfully, holding something in the mouth - gripping and biting!
殷	yīn	1	ardent	"YIN!" the sun sings cheerfully with ardent passion - earnest and fervent enthusiasm!
壽	shòu	4	longevity	"SHOH!" the long grey beard commands sharply - longevity, lifespan, and cigarettes for the elderly!
濤	tāo	2	large waves	"TAO?" the water and long grey beard question curiously - are those large waves surging in the ocean?
鑄	zhù	4	cast	"JOO!" the metal commands sharply - to cast, forge, and mold into shape!
禱	dǎo	3	pray	The altar and long grey beard bend down drooping to pray, worship, and petition the gods.
籌	chóu	2	make arrangements	"CHOH?" the bamboo and long grey beard question curiously - how to make arrangements, plan, and coordinate?
伺	cì	4	attend to	"TSIH!" the person takes charge and commands sharply - to attend to and serve, like a server!
飼	sì	4	rear	"SIH!" the food commands sharply - to rear, raise, and feed the animals!
舶	bó	2	liner	"BWOH?" the boat questions curiously - is that a liner, an ocean ship that moors?
航	háng	2	navigate	"HAHNG?" the boat questions curiously - how to navigate, sail by aviation?
艇	tǐng	3	light boat	A striking symbol for light boat that whispers "Tǐng!" softly!
艦	jiàn	4	warship	"JYEN!" the supervising boat commands sharply - a warship, a battleship for the navy!
艙	cāng	1	ship's cabin	"TSAHNG!" the boat and storehouse sing cheerfully - the ship's cabin, business class seating!
沿	yán	2	along	"YEN?" the water questions curiously - flowing along, beside, and following the shore?
鉛	qiān	1	lead	"CHYEN!" the metal belch sings cheerfully - lead, the element for pencils!
狐	hú	2	fox	"HOO?" the pack of wild dogs questions curiously - is that a fox, a cunning animal?
瓣	bàn	4	petal	"BAN!" the two chili peppers and melon command sharply - a petal, flower part used in bean sauce!
溢	yì	4	brim over	"YEE!" the water commands sharply - to brim over, overflow with yin iron resentment!
暇	xiá	2	spare time	"SHYAH?" the sun questions curiously - is there spare time? The gods have leisure but can't carry themselves.
霞	xiá	2	red sky	"SHYAH?" the weather questions curiously - is that a red sky with sunset clouds and braces?
氧	yǎng	3	oxygen	The gas and sheep bend down drooping - oxygen, the element we breathe.
氛	fēn	1	atmosphere	"FEN!" the gas sings cheerfully - the atmosphere, ambiance, and air around us!
氯	lǜ	4	chlorine	"LYOO!" the gas and snowman command sharply - chlorine, the element to disinfect water!
氫	qīng	1	hydrogen	"CHING!" the gas sings cheerfully - hydrogen, the lightest element floating up!
鞏	gǒng	3	strengthen	The I-beam and ordinary leather bend down drooping to strengthen, consolidate, and fortify the structure.
霸	bà	4	tyrant	"BAH!" the weather commands sharply - a tyrant, a despot who dominates!
壩	bà	4	dam	"BAH!" the soil and tyrant command sharply - building a dam, embankment, and barrier!
勒	lè	4	tighten	"LUH!" the muscle commands sharply - to tighten, strangle, and constrict!
鞠	jū	1	bow respectfully	"JYOO!" the leather and rice sing cheerfully as he bows respectfully, kowtowing and saluting!
靴	xuē	1	boots	"SHWEH!" the leather transforms and sings cheerfully - boots, shoes, and footwear!
鞭	biān	1	whip	"BYEN!" the leather sings cheerfully when convenient - a whip to lash and strike!
芽	yá	2	sprout	"YAH?" the flowers question curiously - is this a sprout, a seedling, or bean shoots?
訝	yà	4	surprised	"YAH!" the words and tusk command sharply - surprised, stunned, and astonished!
撐	chēng	1	prop up	"CHUNG!" the fingers sing cheerfully as they prop up, support, and hold the tent!
雅	yǎ	3	polished	The tusk and turkey bend down drooping - polished, elegant, and refined in the room before goodbye.
邪	xié	2	wicked	"SHYEH?" the tusk and city walls question curiously - is that wicked, evil with a sinister laugh?
奧	ào	4	of great depth	"AO!" the drop, helmet, and droppings command sharply - of great depth, profound, and mysterious!
澳	ào	4	deep inlet	"AO!" the water commands sharply - a deep inlet, a bay, and harbor!
懊	ào	4	remorseful	"AO!" the state of mind commands sharply about the depth - remorseful, regretful, and ashamed!
悉	xī	1	be informed	"SHEE!" the heart sings cheerfully - to be informed, to know, and to learn!
竊	qiè	4	pilfer	"CHYEH!" the hole, droppings, magic wand, prisoner, and glass cover command sharply - to pilfer and steal like a thief!
審	shěn	3	painstaking	A striking symbol for painstaking that whispers "Shěn!" softly!
嬸	shěn	3	auntie	An striking symbol for auntie that whispers "Shěn!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
毯	tǎn	3	blanket	The strokes unite to show blanket, whispering "Tǎn!" softly!
毫	háo	2	milli	A striking symbol for milli that asks "HAO?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
耗	hào	4	consume	"HAO!" he commands sharply - to consume, waste, and deplete the chicken!
耕	gēng	1	till	"GUNG!" the Christmas tree and well sing cheerfully - to till, plow, and cultivate the land!
籍	jí	2	records	"JEE?" the bamboo, Christmas tree, and times past question curiously - records, documents, and clan archives?
藉	jiè	4	excuse	"JYEH!" the flowers command sharply - an excuse, a pretext to forget!
托	tuō	1	hold up	"TWOH!" the hand sings cheerfully - to hold up and support like a motorcycle, so cocky!
畏	wèi	4	be afraid of	"WAY!" the field commands sharply - to be afraid of, fear, and dread!
喂	wèi	4	Hello	"WAY!" the mouth commands sharply when afraid - Hello, hey to greet!
脹	zhàng	4	bloated	"JAHNG!" the flesh and long command sharply - bloated, swollen, and puffy!
帳	zhàng	4	tent	"JAHNG!" the cloth commands sharply - a tent, canopy, and shelter!
肆	sì	4	IV	"SIH!" the four commands sharply - IV, fraud-proof numeral, and wanton tolerance!
鬍	hú	2	beard	"HOO?" the hair questions curiously about recklessness - a beard, whiskers for the difficult uncle?
鬆	sōng	1	loose	This character represents loose, singing "SUNG!" cheerfully!
鵬	péng	2	roc	"PUNG?" the companion bird questions curiously - a roc, giant and mythical?
鳴	míng	2	twitter	"MING?" the bird questions curiously - to twitter and chirp like Naruto?
鴻	hóng	2	swan	"HUNG?" the Yangtze bird questions curiously - a swan, elegant waterfowl?
鴿	gē	1	pigeon	"GUH!" the bird sings cheerfully - a pigeon, dove, and messenger!
鶴	hè	4	crane	"HUH!" the bird commands sharply - a crane, stork standing tall!
鶯	yīng	1	oriole	"YING!" the firehouse bird sings cheerfully - an oriole, singing and yellow!
鵲	què	4	magpie	"CHWEH!" the times past bird commands sharply - a magpie, chattering and black and white!
鷗	ōu	1	gull	"OH!" the region bird sings cheerfully - a gull, seabird on the coast!
鴉	yā	1	raven	"YAH!" the tusk bird sings cheerfully - a raven, crow in literary form!
鵝	é	2	goose	"UH?" the bird questions curiously - a goose, waterfowl in the velvet room?
烏	wū	1	crow	"WOO!" the bird sings cheerfully though the top stroke is missing - a crow, black raven!
嗚	wū	1	zoom-zoom	"WOO!" the mouth and crow sing cheerfully - zoom-zoom, sound onomatopoeia!
搗	dǎo	3	pound with a pestle	The fingers bend down drooping to pound with a pestle and crush - those hooligans cause trouble!
寓	yù	4	residence	"YOO!" the house commands sharply - a residence, dwelling, and abode!
愚	yú	2	pea-brained	"YOO?" the heart questions curiously - is he pea-brained, foolish, and stupid?
偶	ǒu	3	by chance	Like a person, this character means by chance and whispers "Ǒu!"!
厲	lì	4	stern	The strokes unite to show stern, shouting "LEE!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
勵	lì	4	encourage	"LEE!" the stern power commands sharply - to encourage, inspire, and motivate!
鋼	gāng	1	steel	The metal takes the shape of steel, singing "GAHNG!" cheerfully!
崗	gāng	3	hillock	The mountain stands for hillock, whispering "Gāng!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
綱	gāng	1	guidelines	"GAHNG!" the thread and ridge sing cheerfully - guidelines, outline, and principles!
逆	nì	4	go against	"NEE!" the road commands sharply - to go against, oppose, and reverse the turning!
溯	sù	4	go upstream	"SOO!" the water, mountain goat, and moon command sharply - to go upstream and trace back!
塑	sù	4	plastic	"SOO!" the soil commands sharply - plastic, synthetic to mold!
缸	gāng	1	vat	"GAHNG!" it sings cheerfully - a vat, vessel, and container!
罐	guàn	4	jar	"GWAN!" the tin can and stork command sharply - a jar, pot, and bottle!
鬱	yù	4	depressed	"YOO!" the tin can, woods, sitting, rooster tail, crown, and Epsom salts command sharply - depressed, gloomy, and melancholy!
鹽	yán	2	salt	"YEN?" the supervise and salt shaker question curiously - salt, mineral for seasoning and necessities?
鹹	xián	2	salty	"SHYEN?" the salt shaker and everybody question curiously - salty, savory, and briny?
掏	tāo	1	draw out	"TAO!" the fingers and canteen sing cheerfully - to draw out, dig, and extract money!
淘	táo	2	wash in a container	"TAO?" the water and canteen question curiously - to wash in a container, eliminate the humans?
陶	táo	2	pottery	"TAO?" the pinnacle and canteen question curiously - pottery, ceramic, and clay?
謠	yáo	2	rumor	"YAO?" the words question curiously - a rumor, gossip that's fabricated?
冤	yuān	1	injustice	"YWEN!" the crown and rabbit sing cheerfully despite injustice - wronged and accused!
饞	chán	2	gluttonous	"CHAN?" the food, bound up, mouth, and bunny rabbit question curiously - gluttonous, greedy, and hungry?
挽	wǎn	3	tow	The fingers and hare bend down drooping - to tow, pull, and drag.
勉	miǎn	3	strive	The strokes unite to show strive, whispering "Miǎn!" softly!
橡	xiàng	4	rubber tree	"SHYAHNG!" the tree and elephant command sharply - rubber tree, latex, and oak!
豫	yù	4	pleased	"YOO!" bestow and elephant command sharply - pleased, happy but hesitate!
騰	téng	2	take flight	"TUNG?" the horse questions curiously - to take flight, soar, and rise?
碼	mǎ	3	numeral	The stone stands for numeral, whispering "Mǎ!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
馴	xún	2	tame	"SHYOON?" the horse and stream question curiously - tame, to domesticate and train?
瑪	mǎ	3	Mary	The jewel and horse bend down drooping - Mary, name, and gemstone.
駐	zhù	4	be stationed	"JOO!" the horse commands sharply - to be stationed, deploy, and guard the post!
驕	jiāo	1	arrogant	"JYAO!" the horse and angel sing cheerfully - arrogant, proud, and haughty!
馳	chí	2	gallop	"CHIH?" the horse questions curiously - to gallop, race, and become famous?
螞	mǎ	4	leech-hopper	"MAH!" the insect and horse command sharply - leech-hopper, ant, and grasshopper - black!
憑	píng	2	proof	"PING?" the heart questions curiously - proof, evidence, and basis for arrest?
駛	shǐ	3	maneuver	Picture maneuver taking form - it whispers "Shǐ!" with vivid energy!
騷	sāo	1	disturb	"SAO!" the horse sings cheerfully - to disturb, harass, and trouble!
駕	jià	4	drive	"JYAH!" the horse commands sharply - to drive, pilot, and control!
騾	luó	2	mule	"LWOH?" the horse and tired question curiously - a mule, hybrid donkey?
駁	bó	2	refute	"BWOH?" the horse and two sheaves question curiously - to refute, dispute, and contradict?
闖	chuǎng	3	rush	The gate takes the shape of rush, whispering "Chuǎng!" softly!
驅	qū	1	drive away	"CHYOO!" the horse sings cheerfully - to drive away, expel, and chase!
騙	piàn	4	cheat	"PYEN!" the horse commands sharply - to cheat, deceive, and swindle!
驟	zhòu	4	trot	"JOH!" the horse commands sharply - to trot, gallop suddenly!
遞	dì	4	hand over	"DEE!" the tiger and road command sharply - to hand over, deliver, and pass the smoke and drink!
虜	lǔ	3	take captive	The tiger and male with brains hanging out bend down drooping - to take captive, capture as prisoner.
虐	nüè	4	despotic	"NYUEH!" the tiger and backward broom command sharply - despotic, cruel to mistreat!
膚	fū	1	skin	"FOO!" the flesh sings cheerfully - skin, epidermis, and surface!
盧	lú	2	Louvre	A striking symbol for louvre that asks "LOO?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
爐	lú	2	stove	"LOO?" the fire and Louvre question curiously - a stove, furnace with hot pebbles!
蘆	lú	2	reeds	"LOO?" the flowers and Louvre question curiously - reeds, marsh plants?
驢	lǘ	2	donkey	"LYOO?" the horse and Louvre question curiously - a donkey, stubborn ass?
虧	kuī	1	loss	"KWAY!" it sings cheerfully despite loss, deficit, and damage!
污	wū	1	filthy	"WOO!" the water sings cheerfully - filthy, dirty to pollute!
愕	è	4	stunned	"UH!" the state of mind, chatterbox, and snake hook command sharply - stunned and shocked!
誇	kuā	1	brag	"KWAH!" the words sing cheerfully - to brag, boast, and exaggerate the rumor!
垮	kuǎ	3	collapse	The soil and blowhard bend down drooping - to collapse, crumble, and fail.
跨	kuà	4	straddle	"KWAH!" the wooden leg and blowhard command sharply - to straddle, span, and cross!
獻	xiàn	4	donate	"SHYEN!" the dog commands sharply - to donate, offer, and contribute to school!
融	róng	2	melt	"RUNG?" he questions curiously - to melt, dissolve in gene fusion?
隔	gé	2	separate	"GUH?" the pinnacle questions curiously - to separate, isolate the hospital?
濾	lǜ	4	filter	"LYOO!" the water and ponder command sharply - to filter, strain, and sieve!
慶	qìng	4	celebrate	"CHING!" the deer, flattened clothes hanger, heart, and walking legs command sharply - to celebrate, rejoice at festivals!
薦	jiàn	4	recommend	"JYEN!" the flowers command sharply - to recommend, endorse, and suggest!
傑	jié	2	outstanding	"JYEH?" the person questions curiously - outstanding, excellent, and exceptional?
瞬	shùn	4	instant	"SHWUN!" the eyes command sharply - an instant, moment, and flash!
麟	lín	2	Chinese unicorn	"LIN?" the deer and jack o' lantern question curiously - Chinese unicorn, mythical at carp tower?
憐	lián	2	pity	"LYEN?" the state of mind questions curiously - to pity, sympathize with compassion?
鄰	lín	2	neighbor	"LIN?" the city walls question curiously - a neighbor, adjacent, and nearby?
曬	shài	4	bask	"SHAI!" the sun commands sharply - to bask, dry, and hang clothes!
灑	sǎ	3	spill	The water stands for spill, whispering "Sǎ!" softly like ripples spreading across a pond!
罷	bà	0	cease	"BAH," he says neutrally - to cease, stop, and quit.
擺	bǎi	3	put in order	The fingers bend down drooping - to put in order, arrange, and display.
唇	chún	2	lips	"CHWUN?" the sign of dragon and mouth question curiously - lips, thirsty, and ruptured?
辱	rǔ	4	disgrace	"ROO!" he commands sharply - disgrace, shame, insult, and scold!
震	zhèn	4	quake	"JUN!" it commands sharply - to quake, tremble in an earthquake!
振	zhèn	4	vibrate	"JUN!" he commands sharply - to vibrate, shake - calm down and rest!
魄	pò	4	vigor	"PWOH!" it commands sharply - vigor, spirit, and soul that's sucked!
槐	huái	2	scholar tree	"HWAI?" the tree and ghost question curiously - scholar tree, locust wood?
魅	mèi	4	enchant	"MAY!" the ghost commands sharply though not yet - to enchant, charm with special allure!
瑰	guī	1	marvelous	"GWAY!" the jewel and ghost sing cheerfully - marvelous, magnificent, and splendid!
魂	hún	2	soul	"HWUN?" the ghost questions curiously - the soul, spirit, and essence?
愧	kuì	4	ashamed	"KWAY!" the heart commands sharply - ashamed, guilty, and embarrassed!
魁	kuí	2	leader	"KWAY?" the ghost and big dipper question curiously - a leader, chief, and champion?
醜	chǒu	3	ugly	This character represents ugly, whispering "Chǒu!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
壟	lǒng	3	raised path between fields	The dragon and land bend down drooping - raised path between fields, ridge, and mound.
寵	chǒng	3	dote on	This character represents dote on, whispering "Chǒng!" softly!
龐	páng	2	huge	"PAHNG?" the cave and dragon question curiously - huge, enormous, and vast?
攏	lǒng	3	draw near	The fingers bend down drooping - to draw near, gather the spirit in soil.
聾	lóng	2	deaf	"LUNG?" the ear questions curiously - deaf, hearing impaired like Fengxia?
籠	lóng	2	cage	"LUNG?" the bamboo questions curiously - a cage, basket for chicken coop?
插	chā	1	insert	"CHAH!" the fingers sing cheerfully - to insert, stick, and interfere in battle!
毀	huǐ	3	ruin	The stone stands for ruin, whispering "Huǐ!" softly - a vivid image to remember!
舅	jiù	4	mother's brother	"JYOH!" he commands sharply - mother's brother, maternal uncle!
樁	zhuāng	1	stake	"JWAHNG!" the tree sings cheerfully - a stake, post, and pile!
鑿	záo	2	bore a hole	"DZAO?" the side by side, needle, mortar, missile, and metal question curiously - to bore a hole, drill, and chisel?
鼠	shǔ	3	mouse	Picture mouse taking form - it whispers "Shǔ!" with vivid energy!
竄	cuàn	4	scurry	"TSWAN!" the hole commands sharply - to scurry, flee, and push the chest!
臘	là	4	dried meat	"LAH!" the flesh, mouse, and hairs command sharply - dried meat, cured and preserved!
蠟	là	4	wax	"LAH!" the insect commands sharply - wax, beeswax, and candle!
獵	liè	4	hunt	The strokes unite to show hunt, shouting "LYEH!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
艘	sōu	1	vessels	"SOH!" the boat sings cheerfully - vessels, ships to measure!
嫂	sǎo	3	elder brother's wife	This character represents elder brother's wife, whispering "Sǎo!" softly!
瘦	shòu	4	emaciated	The strokes unite to show emaciated, shouting "SHOH!" sharply!
搜	sōu	1	search	"SOH!" the detective's fingers sing cheerfully while searching through the drawers for clues!
稻	dào	4	unhulled rice	"DAO!" the farmer commands sharply, scooping up wild unhulled rice from the paddy!
蹈	dǎo	3	tread	When the leg meets the path, they form tread, whispering "Dǎo!" softly!
滔	tāo	1	surging	"TAO!" the surging water sings cheerfully, rushing like a scoop pouring endlessly!
陷	xiàn	4	get stuck	"SHYEN!" she commands sharply when her car got stuck in the pinnacle's mud trap!
焰	yàn	4	flame	"YEN!" the flame commands sharply, leaping high from the campfire!
餡	xiàn	4	filling	"SHYEN!" the chef commands sharply, spooning dumpling filling into the pothole-shaped dough!
輛	liàng	4	vehicles	"LYAHNG!" he commands sharply, counting the vehicles lined up on the road!
瞞	mán	2	dissemble	"MAN?" her twenty eyeballs question curiously - is she trying to dissemble and hide the truth from the yoke?
爽	shuǎng	3	frank	Picture frank taking form - it whispers "Shuǎng!" with vivid energy!
綴	zhuì	4	embellish	"JWAY!" the seamstress commands sharply, using threads to embellish the stitching on the dress!
碰	pèng	4	bump	"PUNG!" the stone commands sharply when they bump into the wall!
挪	nuó	2	transfer	"NWOH?" the fingers question curiously - should we transfer the prisoner from Alcatraz?
誣	wū	1	charge falsely	"WOO!" the lawyer's words sing cheerfully though he'd charge falsely to win the case!
譽	yù	4	reputation	"YOO!" they command sharply when offering words of praise for his reputation!
嶼	yǔ	3	islet	Like a mountain, this character means islet and whispers "Yǔ!"!
傻	shǎ	3	thick-headed	The person stands for thick-headed, whispering "Shǎ!" softly!
磚	zhuān	1	brick	"JWAN!" the mason sings cheerfully, laying each brick in the stone wall!
惠	huì	4	favor	See how the heart forms favor? It shouts "HWAY!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
穗	suì	4	ear of grain	"SWAY!" the wild rice commands sharply, each ear of grain swaying in the favor of wind!
曠	kuàng	4	expansive	"KWAHNG!" the sun commands sharply over the expansive internet of wilderness!
礦	kuàng	4	mine	"KWAHNG!" the stone commands sharply when they discover the mine shaft!
擴	kuò	4	enlarge	"KWOH!" the fingers command sharply on the screen to enlarge the photo!
聰	cōng	1	smart	"TSUNG!" the ear sings cheerfully - listen and you'll be smart!
蔥	cōng	1	onion	"TSUNG!" the flower sings cheerfully, following the GPS in my heart to find onions!
膽	dǎn	3	gall bladder	Picture gall bladder taking form - it whispers "Dǎn!" with vivid energy!
瞻	zhān	1	look upward	"JAN!" the eyeballs sing cheerfully to the snitch - look upward at the stars!
摟	lǒu	3	cuddle	The fingers bend down drooping like the flying Dutchman to cuddle the baby.
屢	lǚ	3	time and again	This character represents time and again, whispering "Lǚ!" softly!
濁	zhuó	2	turbid	"JWOH?" the water questions curiously through the butterfly net - is it turbid or clear?
燭	zhú	2	candle	"JOO?" the fire questions curiously - is this a candle or a torch?
觸	chù	4	touch	This character represents touch, shouting "CHOO!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
囑	zhǔ	3	admonish	See how the mouth forms admonish? It whispers "Zhǔ!" softly!
欄	lán	2	railing	"LAN?" the tree questions curiously - will it become a railing for the deck?
攔	lán	2	impede	"LAN?" the fingers question curiously like a gargoyle - why do you impede my path?
蹤	zōng	1	tracks	"DZUNG!" the lower leg sings cheerfully, following the tracks through the woods!
聳	sǒng	3	shrug	Like an ear, this character means shrug and whispers "Sǒng!"!
劑	jì	4	pharmaceutical	"JEE!" the doctor commands sharply, prescribing a pharmaceutical remedy!
齋	zhāi	1	abstain from food	"JAI!" the mirror image sings cheerfully though small - we abstain from food during the fast!
擠	jǐ	3	squeeze	The fingers bend down drooping in the mirror image trying to squeeze into the crowded subway.
鈕	niǔ	3	push button	See how the metal forms push button? It whispers "Niǔ!" softly!
羞	xiū	1	shy	"SHYOH!" the sheep sings cheerfully despite being shy at the petting zoo!
紐	niǔ	3	New York	Like a thread, this character means new york and whispers "Niǔ!"!
脾	pí	2	spleen	"PEE?" the lowly flesh questions curiously - is that the spleen or another organ?
啤	pí	2	beer	"PEE?" the mouth questions curiously - is there beer at the party?
碑	bēi	1	stele	"BAY!" the lowly stone sings cheerfully - an ancient stele monument!
赫	hè	4	illustrious	The strokes unite to show illustrious, shouting "HUH!" sharply!
嚇	xià	4	terrify	"SHYAH!" the mouth commands sharply with illustrious words to terrify the children!
奕	yì	4	radiating vitality	"YEE!" the apple and St. Bernard command sharply, radiating vitality and energy!
跡	jì	4	indication	"JEE!" the wooden leg commands sharply - an indication of where he walked!
辭	cí	2	phraseology	"TSIH?" he questions curiously about the phraseology in the contract.
龜	guī	1	tortoise	"GWAY!" the tortoise sings cheerfully, slowly crossing the road!
繩	shéng	2	rope	"SHUNG?" the thread questions curiously - is this rope strong enough to climb?
蠅	yíng	2	flies	"YING?" the insect questions curiously like a tortoise - are those flies buzzing around?
蝴	hú	2	butterfly (front)	"HOO?" the insect questions curiously - the front part of the butterfly character.
蝶	dié	2	butterfly (back)	"DYEH?" the insect questions curiously - the back part of the butterfly character.
蜘	zhī	1	spider (front)	"JIH!" the insect sings cheerfully - the front part of the spider character.
蛛	zhū	1	spider (back)	"JOO!" the insect sings cheerfully - the back part of the spider character.
駱	luò	4	camel (front)	"LWOH!" each horse commands sharply - the front part of the camel character.
駝	tuó	2	camel (back)	"TWOH?" it questions curiously like a horse - the back part of the camel character.
蜻	qīng	1	dragonfly (front)	"CHING!" the blue insect sings cheerfully - the front part of the dragonfly character through a telescope.
蜓	tíng	2	dragonfly (back)	"TING?" the insect questions curiously at the royal court - the back part of the dragonfly character.
鳳	fèng	4	male phoenix	"FUNG!" the wind commands sharply as the male phoenix bird soars past the ceiling!
凰	huáng	2	female phoenix	"HWAHNG?" the wind questions curiously about the female phoenix emperor.
橄	gǎn	3	olive (A)	See how the tree forms olive (a)? It whispers "Gǎn!" softly!
欖	lǎn	3	olive (B)	The tree and magnifying glass bend down drooping - the second part of the olive character.
玻	bō	1	glass (front)	"BWO!" the jewel covering sings cheerfully - the front part of the glass character.
璃	lí	2	glass (back)	"LEE?" the jewel questions curiously like Fagin - the back part of the glass character.
咖	kā	1	coffee (first)	"KAH!" the mouth sings cheerfully - the first drop of the coffee character.
啡	fēi	1	coffee (last)	"FAY!" the mouth sings cheerfully - the last drop of the coffee character.
葡	pú	2	grapes (A)	"POO?" the flowers question curiously, bound up with dog tags - the first part of grapes.
萄	táo	2	grapes (B)	"TAO?" the flowers and canteen question curiously - the second part of grapes.
吩	fēn	1	in-(struct)	"FEN!" the mouth sings cheerfully - the first part of instruct.
咐	fù	4	(in)-struct	"FOO!" the mouth commands sharply - I should have instructed you to stand by!
乒	pīng	1	ping	"PING!" the left-legged troop sings cheerfully - ping in ping-pong!
乓	pāng	1	pong	This character represents pong, singing "PAHNG!" cheerfully!
崔	cuī	1	Cui	"TSWAY!" the pterodactyl sings cheerfully - the surname Cui!
曹	cáo	2	Cao	A striking symbol for cao that asks "TSAO?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
劉	liú	2	Liu	Picture liu taking form - it asks "LYOH?" with vivid energy!
潘	pān	1	Pan	Like water, this character means pan and sings "PAN!" like ripples spreading across a pond!
梁	liáng	2	Liang	"LYAHNG?" the water, blade, drop and tree question curiously - was Liang Qichao good or bad?
沈	shěn	3	Shen	The water takes the shape of shen, whispering "Shěn!" softly!
鄭	zhèng	4	Zheng	"JUNG!" the city walls command sharply - the surname Zheng!
譚	tán	2	Tam	"TAN?" the words question curiously - the surname Tam?
姚	yáo	2	Yao	The strokes unite to show yao, asking "YAO?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
魯	lǔ	3	Lu	Picture lu taking form - it whispers "Lǔ!" with vivid energy!
姜	jiāng	1	Jiang	The strokes unite to show jiang, singing "JYAHNG!" cheerfully!
范	fàn	4	Fan	A striking symbol for fan that shouts "FAN!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
薛	xuē	1	Xue	"SHWEH!" the flowers sing cheerfully - the surname Xue!
涂	tú	2	Tu	The water takes the shape of tu, asking "TOO?" curiously like ripples spreading across a pond!
彭	péng	2	Peng	The strokes unite to show peng, asking "PUNG?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
郁	yù	4	Yu	"YOO!" the city walls command sharply - the surname Yu!
馮	féng	2	Feng	The strokes unite to show feng, asking "FUNG?" curiously - a vivid image to remember!
魏	wèi	4	Wei	Picture wei taking form - it shouts "WAY!" with vivid energy!
岳	yuè	4	Yue	Like a mountain, this character means yue and shouts "YWEH!"!
彿	fú	2	as though	This character represents as though, asking "FOO?" curiously!
莉	lì	4	jasmine	Picture jasmine taking form - it shouts "LEE!" with vivid energy!
湘	xiāng	1	Hunan	"SHYAHNG!" the water sings cheerfully through Hunan Province!
甸	diàn	4	outlying areas	"DYEN!" the field commands sharply across the outlying areas of the province!
滄	cāng	1	dark blue	"TSAHNG!" the water sings cheerfully in dark blue waves across the sea!
穆	mù	4	reverent	"MOO!" the grain commands sharply with reverent respect in the solemn ceremony!
娜	nà	2	na	"NAH?" the woman questions curiously - is her name Anna or Diana?
瓊	qióng	2	fine jade	"CHYUNG?" the jewel questions curiously - is this fine jade or green jade?
琳	lín	2	gem	"LIN?" the jewel questions curiously - a beautiful gem often used in girls' names.
鈞	jūn	1	30 catties	"JYOON!" the metal sings cheerfully - thirty catties, about 15 kg, often in boys' names!
喲	yō	0	Oh	"YOH," the mouth says neutrally - Oh! Like "yo!" between teens!
砲	pào	4	cannon	"PAO!" the stone commands sharply - a cannon firing artillery!
蒐	sōu	1	search for	"SOH!" the flowers sing cheerfully as we search for them - to seek and find!
芙	fú	2	hibiscus (A)	"FOO?" the flower questions curiously - hibiscus, the first part, like a lotus flower.
蓉	róng	2	hibiscus (B)	"RUNG?" the flower questions curiously - hibiscus, the second part, cottonrose bloom!
Biang	biāng	2	Biang	The heart takes the shape of biang, asking "Byahng?" curiously!
踐	jiàn	4	tread on	The leg takes the shape of tread on, shouting "Jyen!" sharply!
趙	zhào	4	Zhao	"JAO!" he commands sharply when introducing himself - the surname Zhao, like from the ancient dynasty!
昔	xī	1	former times	"Shee!" The sun spoke of former times, ancient days long ago.
借	jiè	4	to borrow	"Jyeh, can I borrow this?" A person questioned, asking for a loan.
錯	cuò	4	mistake	"Tswoh!" Metal made the wrong move - an error, a mistake!
散	sǎn	3	to scatter	"San!" The moon commanded to scatter and disperse cheerfully!
撒	sǎ	3	to sprinkle	"Sa!" The hand sprinkled and scattered things about sharply!
備	bèi	4	to prepare	"Bay!" A person with arrows prepared sharply, getting ready!
廿	niàn	4	twenty	The lines stand for twenty, singing "Nyan!" cheerfully - a vivid image to remember!
席	xí	2	mat	"Shee!" The towel mat was spread out for sitting.
度	dù	4	degree	A striking symbol for degree that shouts "Doo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
渡	dù	4	to cross	"Doo!" Water crossed the degree mark - ferrying to the other side!
半	bàn	4	half	"Ban!" The eight was split - only half remained!
伴	bàn	4	companion	The person stands for companion, calling out "Ban!" - a vivid image to remember!
胖	pàng	4	fat	"Pahng!" Half the body was fat and plump flesh!
判	pàn	4	to judge	"Pan!" The knife split things in half to judge sharply!
眷	juàn	4	family	"Jwan!" The fist protected eyes - caring for family!
拳	quán	2	fist	"Chwan!" Hands formed a fist, clenched tight!
勝	shèng	4	victory	The moon and muscles won - victory and success!
片	piàn	4	slice	"Pyan!" A tree was cut into a thin slice, a piece!
版	bǎn	3	edition	"Ban!" Reverse slice made a printing edition, a version!
妝	zhuāng	1	makeup	A striking symbol for makeup that calls "Jwahng!" - a vivid image to remember!
壯	zhuàng	4	robust	"Jwahng!" The big village士 sang cheerfully - strong and robust!
莊	zhuāng	1	village	"Jwahng!" Grass grew on the big village, a manor!
裝	zhuāng	1	clothing	"Jwahng!" Clothing covered the village - outfits and dress!
將	jiàng	4	general	"Jyahng!" The general commanded sharply - a military leader!
之	zhī	1	possessive	"Zhi!" A drop bent down, showing possession - of!
乏	fá	2	lacking	"Fah!" The丿 was lacking - deficient and scarce!
眨	zhǎ	3	to blink	"Jah!" Eyes blinked sharply with each flashing moment!
不	bù	4	not	Picture not taking form - it shouts "Boo!" with vivid energy!
否	fǒu	3	to negate	"Foh!" The mouth said not - to deny and negate!
杯	bēi	1	cup	"Bay!" A tree was carved into a cup for drinking!
矢	shǐ	3	arrow	The arrow takes the shape of arrow, shouting "Shi!" sharply!
族	zú	2	clan	This character represents clan, calling out "Dzoo!" - a vivid image to remember!
知	zhī	1	to know	"Zhi!" The arrow hit the mouth sharply - to know and understand!
智	zhì	4	wisdom	"Zhi!" The sun rose over knowledge - wisdom and intelligence!
矛	máo	2	spear	"Mao!" A spear with a long shaft commanded sharply!
柔	róu	2	soft	"Roh!" A spear bent like soft wood - gentle and flexible!
揉	róu	2	to knead	"Roh!" Hands worked the soft dough, kneading it gently!
務	wù	4	affair	"Woo!" Strength wielded the spear for affairs - duties and tasks!
霧	wù	4	fog	"Woo!" Rain created fog around affairs - mist and haze!
予	yǔ	3	to give	Picture to give taking form - it shouts "Yoo!" with vivid energy!
序	xù	4	sequence	"Shyoo!" They questioned the order in the house - sequence!
預	yù	4	in advance	"Yoo!" The頁 prepared in advance - beforehand!
野	yě	3	wild	"Yeh!" Inside the village里 was野 countryside - wild and rustic!
班	bān	1	class	The strokes unite to show class, calling out "Ban!" - a vivid image to remember!
弓	gōng	1	bow	"Gong!" The bow curved cheerfully - weapon for arrows!
引	yǐn	3	to lead	The stroke takes the shape of to lead, calling out "Yin!" - a vivid image to remember!
強	qiáng	2	strong	"Chyang!" The bow虫 commanded sharply - strong and powerful!
弱	ruò	4	weak	"Rwoh!" Two bows bent down drooping - weak and feeble!
彈	dàn	4	bullet	"Dan!" The bow launched bullets sharply - ammunition!
佛	fó	2	Buddha	"Foh!" A person弓 questioned - Buddha, the enlightened one!
費	fèi	4	to cost	"Fay!" Money費 and shellfish cost dearly - expenses!
弟	dì	4	younger brother	"Dee!" The bound younger brother questioned curiously!
第	dì	4	sequence	Like bamboo, this character means sequence and calls "Dee!"!
巧	qiǎo	3	skillful	"Chyao!" Work done skillfully questioned curiously!
身	shēn	1	body	The body takes the shape of body, calling out "Shen!" - a vivid image to remember!
射	shè	4	to shoot	"Shuh!" The body身 shot arrows from the inch寸 sharply!
謝	xiè	4	to thank	"Shyeh!" Words身 expressed thanks for shooting - gratitude!
老	lǎo	3	old	"Lao!" The老 aged one bent down drooping - elderly!
考	kǎo	3	to test	"Kao!" The old one老 tested sharply - examination!
烤	kǎo	3	to roast	This character represents to roast, singing "Kao!" cheerfully!
孝	xiào	4	filial piety	Picture filial piety taking form - it calls "Shyao!" with vivid energy!
教	jiāo	1	to teach	Picture to teach taking form - it shouts "Jyao!" with vivid energy!
者	zhě	3	one who	"Juh!" The old者 one questioned - one who does!
著	zhe	1	particle	"Juh" - a particle marking the manifest eye目!
豬	zhū	1	pig	"Joo!" The animal犬 manifested者 as a pig - swine!
追	zhuī	1	to chase	The strokes unite to show to chase, calling out "Jway!" - a vivid image to remember!
帥	shuài	4	commander	"Shwigh!" The towel巾 commanded as a handsome commander!
師	shī	1	teacher	"Shi!" The towel巾 taught at the market - a master instructor!
獅	shī	1	lion	This character represents lion, calling out "Shi!" - a vivid image to remember!
官	guān	1	official	This character represents official, calling out "Gwan!" - a vivid image to remember!
管	guǎn	3	to manage	The strokes unite to show to manage, calling out "Gwan!" - a vivid image to remember!
父	fù	4	father	This character represents father, shouting "Foo!" sharply - a vivid image to remember!
交	jiāo	1	to intersect	"Jyao!" Lines crossed to intersect - to交 meet!
效	xiào	4	effect	"Shyao!" Intersection交 and力 created效 effects sharply!
較	jiào	4	to compare	"Jyao!" The car車 compared intersections交 - relatively!
校	xiào	4	school	The strokes unite to show school, calling out "Shyao!" - a vivid image to remember!
足	zú	2	foot	The leg and foot unite to create foot, asking "Dzoo!" curiously!
跑	pǎo	3	to run	A striking symbol for to run that calls "Pao!" - a vivid image to remember!
跳	tiào	4	to jump	The strokes unite to show to jump, singing "Tyao!" cheerfully!
路	lù	4	road	"Loo!" Feet足 walked the各 road - pathway!
露	lù	4	dew	This character represents dew, calling out "Loo!" - a vivid image to remember!
骨	gǔ	3	bone	This character represents bone, calling out "Goo!" - a vivid image to remember!
滑	huá	2	slippery	"Hwah!" Water水 made bones骨 slippery - smooth and slick!
過	guò	4	to pass	"Gwoh!" Walking辵 by the骨 bones - to過 pass through!
阿	ā	1	prefix	"Ah!" The mound阝 questioned - a prefix for names!
啊	ā	1	ah	"Ah!" The mouth口 on the mound阝 exclaimed - interjection!
際	jì	4	border	"Jee!" The mound阝 marked borders祭 - edge and boundary!
險	xiǎn	3	danger	"Shyan!" The mound阝 at険 険 険 險 險 險 險 險 險 險 險 険 was dangerous - perilous!
隨	suí	2	to follow	Picture to follow taking form - it calls "Sway!" with vivid energy!
陽	yáng	2	yang	"Yang!" The mound阝 faced the sun - bright yang energy!
陳	chén	2	to display	"Chun!" The mound displayed items in the east - to arrange and exhibit!
防	fáng	2	to prevent	Picture to prevent taking form - it calls "Fahng!" with vivid energy!
附	fù	4	to attach	"Foo!" The mound attached付 to things - to affix and append!
院	yuàn	4	courtyard	This character represents courtyard, calling out "Yuan!" - a vivid image to remember!
陣	zhèn	4	battle array	The lines takes the shape of battle array, calling out "Jun!"!
隊	duì	4	team	The strokes unite to show team, calling out "Dway!" - a vivid image to remember!
降	jiàng	4	to descend	"Jyahng!" The mound descended downward - to fall from height!
階	jiē	1	stairs	"Jyeh!" The mound had steps going up - staircase!
穴	xué	2	cave	Picture cave taking form - it asks "Shueh!" with vivid energy!
究	jiū	1	to investigate	"Jyo!" Nine paths explored the cave - to research thoroughly!
突	tū	1	sudden	"Too!" Dogs burst suddenly from caves - abrupt and突!
空	kōng	1	empty	An striking symbol for empty that calls "Kohng!" - a vivid image to remember!
控	kòng	4	to control	A striking symbol for to control that calls "Kohng!" - a vivid image to remember!
嘔	ǒu	3	to vomit	"Oh!" The mouth區 expelled - to vomit and retch!
抵	dǐ	3	to resist	"Dee!" Hands扌 pushed氐 to resist - to withstand force!
氓	máng	2	people	Like a people, this character means people and calls "Mahng!"!
